So for the beginners, What do you see in your classes? What do beginner struggle? Most at the beginning? What are the common mistakes? And make what's missing in Skills. I would Define two things. One is body one is mine. So the first one is body Tend not to use the weight so they are not leaning or giving the way to the partner. They tend not to go into what we call volume point of contact. So, they are jumping from one point to the other. Um, so for the, let's say more advanced practitioner, this can be a surprise. Hi there. Welcome surprise. Or just a surprise And if you know how to do it, it's your choice. But if you don't then it's an acquired. Yeah, acquired. How you could skill So not using the weight. Um, the the idea of going to the ground can be scared for some people having lots of weight on you or giving lots of weight to a person on the ground. These are the classical mistakes or things that people need to learn On the main thing. It's about intimacy and psychological aspect of intimacy of sexuality Because you're going to roll and use your entire body on your partner. And from the outside, if you don't know the practise, it can be. It looks very intimate. Not only on the physical level, which means it's close proximity in touch but also on their sensual sexual level, Which it call it. Is not. So, Yeah, that would be a switch of the Mind to change that. Do you have any ideas, why people struggle to give weight Motivation or like what needs to be there to overcome that? I will think that the first is the feel of falling. Second is the field of imposing your weight on another person. Like your autonomous about your own weight carrying your own weight And you don't want to Be a building, share it, or give it or impose on another partner. So touch is like a handshake or just a touch Touch on the shoulder. Is something that we Coming in the society do and leaning on a person is not something so common. So that is something that they might need to change in order to actually Do that without either stop breathing which happens a lot. Fo um And by the way, both of these are two two of the things. Beginner struggle a lot. So the other stop breathing, Hold the breath. And the tens up. Um, the other thing is You mentioned there's no rolling point of contact, but more jumping point of contact, they leave out, certain body parts. Cannot be related to Intimacy evidence of intimate body parts that we jump over these body parts. I think that's related. This is not the beginner's mistakes. The, the jumping point of contact beginner mistakes in that sense. It's just the way that they dance. They will jump from one shoulder to the other even if they're supposed to give to back to back on and back to back roll. Oh yeah. The intimate body part is not something that we Avoiding. It's a thing that we are not aiming for that. This is a very big difference So if an accidentally rolling over my partner, A buttock, so breasts or genitarians, then it's not something that I'm going to stay. There It just a rolling point of contact. Um, I am aware that if my head will be there and I can avoid that, I will. So I'm not gonna bring that down. Yep. Basically that The head you would avoid rolling over janitors. Yes. I guess that's kind of if possible and also depending on the how good I know the person are we prefer even if you know me very well, not to have my head in your genitalia or vice versa. Okay. Um, Yet, if there is a shoulder that rolls over the breath of a woman with you also try to avoid. I mean, where is the boundary? Where's what do you do? Draw the line. How much do we try to avoid certain? There is like a red area, never touch the breast, never go with them. I mean the butt to bat roll of Centre, Centre, lift and centre. It's it's very common. We try to this sexualize. The the human body Not necessary sexualize, your partner, but the sexualize, this human body in this practise. So it's not that aim. And when you set that intention or take out the intention of sexualizing which we have in society quite a lot. It's a totally different body to body interaction. So when my um, chest walls on a woman, Chester Manchester doesn't matter the gender or the sex. If I don't have that intention, no, will no. They will not feel a sexualized and intention for me, If there having that, that you can change the game or the the dance. But in principle, we are entering into that field with. I want to play Like You know with kids playing in roughing, tough Tumble in the playground With before the encounter? Wonder World of sexuality Intention. Like I remember yesterday, your sensitivity? No, tendulated. No. Sexuality provides me. A little bit of a physiotherapist doctor. He's also touching maybe breast tissue with the attention of like, kind of find some cancer this year and nothing to be aroused of. Is it safe? No, it's not. Oh, let's clear answer. Yeah. I don't believe safety is something that you can have in the outside world in meeting each other. We try to make it safe enough by saying it's safe. It means like you're 100 parameters in Partner or your server that you will not be either injured Or psychologically In pain, Which is never the case. Neither than not necessarily something that we actually want To info. We aim for safe enough, which means we know the risks that are there We try to avoid injuries and I try to expand the boundaries of what we can do Will experience Psychologically And, and, and physically mostly physically in this fall. So it's not a safe practise. If you wanna it's let's say more safe than Judo more save than MMA. Oh, oh, any other? Martial art Less safe than um then poetry. More safe than poetry. So mostly. Yeah. Most saved and poetry? Most safety house. Let's save the Egyptian. Let's save it in. Any martial. Art safer than poetry safer? Even from than running safer. Um yeah, it's it's a high intense intense form of dancing that also encounters another partner that you don't know exactly what they will be bringing When you say it's high intense internet. Next question of like Can anyone everyone do it? Or is it just like, young, tough strong men, who can lift, or do you also have to maybe ADE or your grannies in your classes? 80, I did not have yet. I have 70 plus. I used to have. Oh yeah, So it's not about age, neither about body abilities. There are some stuff that according to your age or according to your body, you will not be able to do, But the principle of sharing weight and and being in contact with another body, Exploring what's happening in your body regarding? Where is my way to raise my unconscious And reaction To balance? And what happens in my mind, Anybody can do from you, have classes for people who are in wheelchair, and with either, And it's called disabled body. So, I don't know, the right term. Now, how to call that Um And non people who do not have a wheelchair, who can walk and move. It's really and the other thing together. So people who have some kind of physical disability that doesn't allow them to move in a specific way. They, they have classes for that blind people. It's really interesting, Although they, of course, cannot use the eyesight to expect movement Their superintendent, with weight and different other aspects. So, it's when I was dancing with. Um, People with Will blind and I get it once And a person on a wheelchair. It was extremely Interesting and I enjoy it very much because it's a different kind of exploration. So if you have a lot of experience with People who can jump on me or I can jump on them and then you go to a person who that is not the case You need to renegotiate and re-explore what kind of communication we can play. Yeah. Make that There would also then answer the question of adjust was thinking about If we talk about sharing weight and lifting and stuff body surfing. And there's this 150 kilogramme guy and there's this 40 kilogramme lady and can they still dance with each other? Although Differences severe differences in body types. So let's say that if you have 150 kilogramme woman and a 40 kilogramme men, Yes, of course. They can you, you know, this I switched and the gentle is though. I do They can dance with each other. They just probably know that the 40 kilo person will not be able to carry safely there. 150 kilogramme on them. I don't the shoulder or even rolling on them. So, they need to negotiate. What is possible And when you realise this kind of things and you are safer to dance. So it is not safe. But you're safer to dance, when you know, what is the abilities of my body And what I presume the abilities of the other bodies, I always presume. I check it slowly. Oh, step by step. There seems a lot to be possible even though with certain kinds of differences that limitations. Yeah, yeah. There's like a lot is possible like the 72 percent that has been to my classes. He was even on shoulders and he was taking people on shoulders and he's always, he's been with me for, I think 12 years, it's not Paul. Um And every time that we do something that is a little bit crazier is trying that and sometimes he says this is for my next life and when he does it and he succeed, he's like amazingly surprise and happy Which is super nice to see that. Sometimes iOS say please maybe don't do that and I'll do that with a lot of care and guardian angels but feeders.

Is there like People would say yes that would be advisable, or somehow, beneficial to you to join, Are to kind of people or Personality, traits were able to like, touch adverse people. And there's lots of touchless, lots of content happening, do rather, not advise them not to join, or at least be warned. There will be lots of resistance and Yeah, the, you know, the classical answer of everybody is welcome and everybody's capable and everybody that's nice and in a perfect world that is suitable and that will be my answer. We live in a very different world. And in that sense, people who have Let's say, severe touch version due to either Performance or past trauma in that, in that field. 

I would not advise them to jump into contact improvisation as a solution over the practise. But to take it, typical very slowly In different kind of forms. And then to see if they want to practise that that specific dance. Um yeah, so it's mostly about the the mentality That I will the mental state of people that I would say, this might not be for you. These are the only times where I I saw people who came to my classes And and I had doubts for them or they stopped roughly halfway. Oh. And it was clear that this form for now is not for them. Any other things you can think of Contra indications. Um, the out dangerous people. That people, let's say that they take too many risks or, um, in that sense throwing themselves on the partner that has no idea without Like, okay, No, no talking before about what we are, not negotiating in a physical nonverbal way. Um, It's not that it's not for them, but I would say that The dancers in the studio will shun them off if that's not the culture, so they will get the message. But I yeah right now, nothing comes to my mind, regarding the other Stuff. So I would say Yeah everybody's welcoming that sense. There's no way you're going to. So there's very much about inclusion. Maybe just a little bit exclusion and in that regards, is there anything needed? I need to bring in order to be included a welcome like biladas. For example, there's a classic met pilatus versus nothing needed, And some teach bilateral do lots of equipment and tools. Is there anything you need to buy or the basic thing, clothes wise and remembering you have made, like no button shirt. Yeah, it's preferable not to have like a zipper, or a button shirt or Earrings big earrings because they can get trapped in other persons, but isn't close and can hurt, you owe them. So now let's say For like a better world, normal dancing movable sports clothes Fabrics. Sometimes I hear people like plastic Fabrics, One slide off of it. Don't try to cut the same as with socks. You want to go with socks, you go with socks. You will slide more. Well, you wanna have a better grip by the bare feet, or socks with some buttons, like this plastic thing on them. Same with them Adidas. Yeah. Other kind of training And pens. Some of them are very steeply, lots of dancer, love them. They can realise that it's slippery on the floor or on your Body. In contact, we do need some friction grip for some aspect. So they'll choice Long or short sleeves and shorts. You would say if we on the ground if we talk about grip or friction or sliding And it preference, the custom is to have long a longer trousers and long sleeves also for sliding enough, friction and sweating, the kind of hinduises. Sometimes I see with quite a few practitioners that are even in the summer and it's a very warm summer, they will even two shots like long sleeve shirts. Short one, like Thin one and on top of it. Another ship. I don't do that Other people, of course, not when it's hot. But Yeah, my dancing, my dancing clothes with pants. How long?

What makes a good teacher good? What makes a bad teach about what are the as a beginner? What do I need to look out for? We talked about Tantra. They're good ones. They're bad ones. Like what tips can you advice? Can you give to figure that say from the unsafe ones? Okay. I used to have a definition for that, so I need to think in full moment. A good teachers is on three Realms. The, the physical aspect is that they know what, the teaching, which means they are honest. And about the limitation about the form, what? They know they share what they know and they know the material Psychological aspect. They can hold space for any processes that happens. Um, you know, this lack of a better world spiritual aspects. They want the students to be as good as they are if not better. So there's no competition about that. And the aim is basically, the intention is basically To teach To share the knowledge that you have. And I like also to learn. So it's not only one way street to learn from the from the students or from the people who come to my classes And so, yeah, that's a good. That's a good teacher. The safety is also all about intention. You don't want to make yourself bigger. You don't want to gain anything Outside of The transaction in the class. Which means I give you What I know You give me the time and the compensation for the class, which is usually And the payment form, and that's it. So That's our agreement. Um, I don't want to be a Guru. I don't want to be a master. I don't want to be Held above which is something that always happened And that's why I also like very very, very much at the end of the class to say, let's go for a beer Toti and I'm taking the teachers head off, which means, Yeah, it's only in this situation. Where I actually tell us what we're gonna do. Other situation. Please don't see me as a teacher. Oh, don't. Yeah. Do that. Yeah, busy. I have the amount of Humberous Or as a teacher to know one's only limitations and Yeah. Uh, last point For me, I struggled sometimes that there are certain rules, which are implicit, which are not talked about in an easily break those rules. Like, you know, no one told me And like, we had this topic of eye gazing and excellent, one dusted, a lot in contemporization, we don't do that. People who don't know that they were immediately be punished by the group. So for me, it's important to have to try to write down like the Ten Commandments of conductivization Behaviour and the animation, the implicit one, the one they wanted, I want to make the implicit explicit for beginners to avoid this. This broken rules and the consequence of punishment. So what would you say? What is important to Consider? I would say start slowly. I would say, especially if you go for a class, it will be very easy because the teachers will guide you through. And if you do something that is implicitly, Let's say not comment. Like, stand with your partner for more than 30 seconds. Minute eye gazing. They will tell you. This is not the way, But if you go in a gym, the basic thing is that take the first five, ten minutes to sit and watch. So what is the actual Communal implicit nom of this? This gem every gem is different But in general, you will not have people. Let's say I gaze in for a long time, you will not have people in the gems talking And for a long time on the answer, they will not have people what we call parking, which is Line, and closing the eyes. So they're not aware of what's happening around them. And these are the, Yeah, the non-Tal talked about but kind of like the, the Baseline Rules of of a gem and there will be no sexuality, Um, implicit sexuality in the in the gym, as well. This is not something in a class, of course, The teacher will take that off very, very fast. And but in the gym because it's a free, then Then everybody can do what they want, but in principle that is not the place for that. Um, other things closing like you said, if you're gonna come with a lot of button zippers and I don't know. Yeah, other stuff you will not be danced with and it's not because of you. It's because of your clothes. Good smelling. Yeah, maybe that's also that helps, let's say like this. If you're not aware of that you will, you will learn very fast. So, Personal hygiene, Let's say, normal to normal and above Will help you. I mean, Sometimes they don't use any kind of makeup or perfume. Uh, I can imagine too much perfume is also not nice because we then dance in such a close proximity that black or to watch out not to overdo it. Yeah, But what's about with cuddling? Sometimes in gems I see cattle. Puddles happening Is that in general accepted by the culture group, you would say, or it's not the intentional. So you will see if your intention is for a cuddle pedal, you will be not shown, but you will be noticeable and people will not dance with you. So if those some gems, I'll kind of know. For the Let's say, Tolerance or even they invite it and most of the gems let's say that But and I will not credit card but it's like a kind of a body walk at the end with one part. Now, that's usually much more. The cudder paddle doesn't happen in gems that are you see? But the body walk of with one partner at the end of a gem is quite often happening. It's also started from like also in the past time when dancers do that. Also a very big woke up to the petitsi rehearsal or then you it helps the body. So if you did dance for a long time, it's by both practitioner and it's usually at the end of the gym, It's more like a technical Medicare favour. We do each other. Yeah, Yep. Thank you.