PROOF READ - round 1
------------------------------------------------------------------------
* ursual (?)
* julienne (?)
* andrew (15min audio)
* renger (single sentence provided)


* define the AIM of the book in "about", give it a dedicated sub-chapter.
* the perspectives being used. pick one perspective (I, you, it, we)
    * avoid the “we” perspective because it can come across as pretentious and often makes the text feel like a series of general statements.
    * hard to grasp the point trying to make
    * make more definitive statements, preferably from own point of view



I've been able to browse through it bit by bit And haven't fully read the entire Book yet that's up at this moment And that's something that's actually quite a challenge for me to do.

So, Definitely had some parts that

Different interesting layers that like the highlights of certain words that have been put in there Something that you want to emphasise And Almost as if reading a Uh textbook for school that you have some notes already marked down for Oneself.

And I also have enjoyed Looking at some of the More theoretical and scientific side to How the body Acts and reacts.

And it's kind of like, having a bit of Yeah. A science book At some moments Around dance, Which How I experienced it Was, I'm enjoying learning about what These things mean As if it's a new way. Because See I is very important to me And because it's something that is very important to me. I'm much more open to learning something in a scientific way that I normally otherwise wouldn't be If it's coming in this textbook form.

So, this in itself,

An extra doorway For some people I believe. And just this way of Bringing Some sort of teaching to someone else within the context of things that they love. I don't think that it happens on that often. So I am really enjoying that part of this book. As to About The complex, the semantics is syntax.

Yeah, there's a lot to be said about that actually, And because I haven't had the time. I really thought that I would have had more time to invest, but it's been a Roller coaster. Oh, it's a very difficult Word that gets used. I feel like I have dived into an ocean And the currents and waves are coming in all different direction to different moments. Uh, for things going on in my life. So I have not put the dedication that this book deserves For the proofreading at this moment To be able to directly answer Or specifically answer Those questions that you have there. In a way, I would like to. I will say if I was going to go a bit more to depth, Even so, but I will say Because I do find that There could be much more of a flow And what is being expressed. I have I'm trying to get a feel for the book And there's a large part That says I want to be scientific. Here says the book And there's another part that says, well, I'm just here for a general chat. So it's kind of hard for me from time to time to Place How I'm feeling about it. What I also mean by flow is indeed moving from one sentence to another and

All right. Say subject to another And sometimes that comes in splitting up paragraphs. Sometimes that comes in, That's the one sentence before, Uh, didn't really close off and then leave the opening To this next part. And that's, that's one part that I feel happens. In a general chat, They can often be things that don't get closed off And say Now I'm ready to move to the next part. It feels more like this is a Stream Talk and information.

And that there are. I don't know pieces of wood along the stream that could create a damn music. Here's the next partner. Here's this little mini waterfall. You come over into the next part. But instead those pieces of wood are Playing on the side, in the water's, just streaming through. So becomes a like one big chunk At moments.

So, like, I suppose you could add that with the complex to for helping better understand things. I won't be, I don't know about the additional images or figures. I find second generally be helpful, but I didn't feel a point yet, but there's still a lot more that I could read say, well they're not that'd be helpful. The order I would have to go back. Like really ask myself that question while going through it again.

And this contact belong to another chapter. Yeah, I feel like these parts, I would really have to dive into a little bit more once reading more And meaning that I Um Think After this next week.

Going to be a bit more Time left or not to this next week. But in a week and a half That I'm going to have some more time. Uh, there's a bit too much happening at this moment for me to really continue further.

The one part for semantics, I do find that some of the sentences, It's not necessarily too long But the way that they are expressed.

I have a feeling that there's quite a few spots where I would correct, Make it a little bit shorter, indeed, to take out some of the talk like aspect Because it and that that's the thing. It changes quite a bit, whether it's in parentheses or in between dashes or Separated by a comma. There's In that sense quite a bit of in I feel the word comes indecisiveness of how that wants to be put in, which doesn't give a congruent Way of expressing it. So it feels different each time That may be not be fully Clear, what? I'm trying to express, But if I see the same notion like this thought process, or a different way to say something and it's marked differently along. The way it also doesn't create. This flow looks like a A mishmash of

And the first dropping out of my head right now. Of symbols. Rather than being consistent.

And overall the Yeah, you are supposed to syntax that came back to the beginning of the flow of things. There are some grammar mistakes. Um, Spelling, I think has been great the whole way through. So I don't think you have much to worry about that And grammar, I'm not actually the best person to ask about grammar. What I can see is the way something is being written. It does not sound as clear as it could be.

So what I would like to Say an offer Is uh I'm going to pause this. I'm going to pause this first. Yeah, I was checking the Times that I have, and I think, like the week of the 21st of October, Uh, I will have some more time And then the first week of November And there's some more time available there

So I'm interested in Taking on part and what I'm also thinking about is, How many other people Are up for proofreading this And how far

Are you along with With proofreading for with reading from others?

I feel very Uh, proud of what you're doing and I are getting through this and keep going forward.

And it's A beautiful notion. What you're trying to bring out here. So, I hope to be a little bit more of service Later on.

Because when I did start to read it and get into like yeah, those are some interesting points and

There's a part that feels like, oh, there can be a lot more Um, to find in here.

Yeah, I'm curious to actually read more of it to see what all is coming in there.

So anyways, Well done for what you've made up until now and

I will set that time out for this Either way, how are things flow? I would love to. Keep This contact going and keep and know what's going on and know the progress that you're going through along the way. And one last thought to that If you have more proofreaders, But about making a WhatsApp group For this Because then all this can be collaborated A little bit more.

And possibly, even coming together to talk about it. One time with everyone. If everyone has actually fully read it And maybe it could even be that we just do parts. It's a little collaboration for the book.
