part 0
part 1
part 2

14:05
We could go into that. Um, but
We could go into that. Um, but I

Likely to use it question For different purposes.

British English. Fuck it. Yeah, whatever. Okay.

14:34
Ready to transcribe. I'm going to record audio as well as Transcription of what is being said. Um, I will not post it anyway at the audio Optima. I just maintained keep for when the transcription is not clear. I will. Yeah. Again, No, no literary quotes. I will just get the gist out of it and then put it into the book. There will be no credits. Give me your name, will be not been mentioned even if you want it. There will be. No. Thanks Giver in the book. I'm also trying to actually not have my name in it because I just want the book to be the book without idealizing people and worshipping eithers and great people contributed to it, okay? With that. Yes, Top test pep, right? I'm going to add increase volume here.

Can you say something, please? Yes, I can say something. Just this. Okay. Okay, Great. Let's start. I don't know how much demographics are relevant. You're the first beginner I'm interviewing You. Are you are a woman. You are 32. Yeah uploading. I start medicine. So you finished University degree? Yes Monster Because it's important for me because I also want to know a little bit like maybe I will do that a little bit bigger skate. Like what is the steered to click on average CI person? Yes, Occupation. You do? I teach medical students And I own a dancehall. It's also dance school. Are you riches? Do you belong? Do you belong to religious group? No. So actually, I don't need to type that because it's our transcribed. All right. So so where do you feel home? In regards to movement Sports dance. You mentioned now Salter but Maybe a little bit about that. And anything else? Yeah, well, uh, okay. I started as a when I was nine which pre-dense and then I did ballet until 16 17. When I went to University, I stopped for a little bit. I did some Contemporary And when I was in University I started salsa And got addicted to that. So lots of salsa salsa salsa then some bachata a little bit of silk. Then recently I started Tango two years ago And last year A bit of aesthetic dance and contacting proposition and future. What is Fusion? So yeah, it's a partner dance Or your densitive in partners, but there's no actual rule of what kind of style you're dancing And people bring whatever they have. So I bring salsa and without that and other people being Swing word or blues or Bofoc or what, whatever they're doing into make something out of it, on more contemporary music, instead of a specific style, like salsaic, it has a specific kind of music To the dentist. You do are mostly, like correctly. If I'm wrong, Southern American and more like standard dances. Yes, yes. And partner than it is mostly yes. Okay, Any other kind of addictions you have About movement or sports? No reason to seven running. Again, I like moving movements being busy with my body, but No, not a little bit of yoga, sometimes, but nothing big. Okay, And you mentioned you started ecstatic dance and contact improvisation. Uh, how comes like, Why do you mention these two together? Well because So last year I did a one week thumbs that course And then we did some dancing in there which Someone told me is something you could do also in aesthetic then so then I went to aesthetic, dance in ecstatic dance. I did some dancing together with people, which Was, I think some form of light contacting proposition And because This was my way into contact improvisation. It's in my head, it's kind of connected. And then I heard someone saying she was doing a contacts imperversation camp in Argentina, where it was and I was still looking for something to do Like the more course wise. And she said she was in that, and it was in a mountains. And I felt like oh I did contact him conversation in Accepticons and I'm looking for something to do and then And one. So for me it's connected in the way it went with me. Okay, that's valuable information. Thank you. Um So you started it about a year ago from time to extended dance, to contact conversation and then I did 10-day contact conversation camp in Argentina. That was my Actual start. How was that? Very confrontational, How comes I I didn't really enjoy myself in the first Half of it But I did No it would get better. So I loved it the same. I wasn't happy or, you know Like smiling happy but I felt like ooh this is I'm I'm gonna learn a lot, but I feel like I'm drowning now but I will probably learn to Read some help. It was conversational because there were 70 people. There, it was quite big. They were all speaking Spanish as folk Spanish, but A group speaking Spanish is more difficult. Anyways, I got in there and I saw these people rolling around over each other in an outside created Jam, space And jumping on each other and I had no clue of how to get in what kind of you know all these norms that you were talking about. I just felt, you know, out of place. I was a very western looking blonde Woman and it was more Latin Americans. There. It was completely fun. I was welcome, but I felt an outsider in many ways that the beginner Language looks. Yeah. And There were court, there were classes, the first case, but they were, you know, they started with lying on the ground for an hour and meditating and and then You go do something and I needed Some Basics like Roaming goes like this or Me like a basic steps like I was used to in Salsaur, you know, I understand we don't have a comment but some things will hold on to And I asked that from other people. But, Um, It took me a while to be confident enough to ask for what I felt that I needed. Uh, yeah. So Lonely, it was I guess But very interesting also. Personal off the record question. Do you feel lonely? Often, Maybe not now only if you want. Um,

Let's continue. What is contemprezation For you? Which box would you put it? I think I put it into. Let me see what I don't get to sleep anymore. I,

Where do I have? I said, dance and movement. It's a way of connecting with your own and other bodies And the language that you speak With your body by combining movement, improvisation and connection. But I do Also feel in some way that it is then. Um,

What is dance? Define dance, what makes Danza dance when, when does dance stop being a dance? When is it just like Is ecstatic dance at the end when someone lies on the floor and doesn't move? Es. Puto dance. So acrobatic stands. It does stands need music? Is it was Aesthetic, it's about performance. What is high performance Sports versus dance? How would you see that martial? Art is martial arts dance Aikido? Okay, answer it. Um, So dance needs movement, it doesn't necessarily need music. Although many times it is Combined with but it doesn't have to. Um Um you said the acrobatics I think, purely acrobatics, don't really for me Our same as fence because Is then only about strength and getting to a specific place for me. And dance would be more about the connection between Between, Um, movements In some way. Um,

Yes, there were other things, you asked many things, I don't remember demo, it's good that the only remember the ones which are important, so it's good that you forget, Feed the process, trust it, I would say,

Does dance need to look good? And no. But for me. Yes. Yeah, there's something I want to learn but That's why what I like about contacting conversation. Feels like something that I can learn or, or Yeah, learn from this form. Okay, Anything else to add? No, no. What made you start contact conversation? I mean you got curious during acidic dance, you mentioned. But What put you over the edge? Just like, oh yeah, let's go to Argentina for 10 10 days thing. What made you to do that? Well, I was already Argentina. Okay. But um Um, What this idea that of improvisation Together That is something I don't you do improvise in salsa but it's always within a really Uh straight The boundaries And with contact improvisation. I felt, I could maybe learn To let go a bit more about all these boundaries and, And see what happens without, you know, a frequency plan or, Or letting go of this is right. And this is wrong. There are things right and wrong in contact and conversation. But it is a bit broader than Than in other specific Styles. I think that and I felt comfortable that It was in a form of dance because at least I feel comfortable moving my body. So, it would be new things. But With skills, that I feel comfortable, actually, Makes sense And let me see. If I wrote other things that I'm not for rough, Which question is this? 1.2. Uh, Yeah, no, And learning something new in general. But, And then I also like

Makes sense. So you kind of already answered why you like it because it's less strict. I would say more principle base. Therefore there's not such a clear thing, as in right and wrong, there is, but not so clear. Okay. So let's skip that. What are you afraid of when, when you think about contact conversation doing it? Two ways answer one is more the practically technical part, like in that you, you know, break your neck and die Or that someone's thumbs on your head or whatever. And also, like the more persons psychological social as we already talked about, not finding a partner or not performing, you get some comfort because you feel confident in moving. So it means if you would not have that experience with sites the dancing or any kind of dance, I guess. Also, they would be kind of a fear of like, oh, am I good enough and do people enjoy it with me? So how is it for you? And things are saying it's uh you already answered enough. Well no, uh, finding out. I find difficult. And I think What I find difficult has something to do. Of course, with me, but I'm scared. People might say yes, but don't want to. Yes, I can relate to that. Yes. So that's I think I'm scared to ask people because I don't want to force them to say. Yes, I know I'm not forcing them and then I think it actually comes from the fact that I sometimes say yes, well I don't want to. So you know, these things I learn from from the conversation. I think. Um, Yes, so there's that.

14:48
Of course, there's also the fear of Students with someone normally it goes. Well, but sometimes I do get stuck in this. Oh, I'm doing it wrong or Yeah, the right long question of dancing or maybe You get stuck a little bit in whatever movement you're doing. And then I start getting in my head. Um, and I think also I probably also am afraid that people say no even though I learnt that I don't really mind the people just say no, it's fine. I can handle That, but still, there is something that keeps me from asking it. So, the fear of the no is uh, real, the actual no is fine. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I have to say It's like with needles. I'm so scared of needles but when it happens like, huh? That was it, Okay, yeah. But how is it inside? I mean, in, in regular regular dance classes, there's usually like the circle and you switch places and its structured. Therefore, it's easy because you don't need to find a partner is assigned. But when you go to, I can imagine there's something like jams or socials. You call them? Yes. Um I find it difficult but I find it less difficult now because I don't consider myself a beginner anymore. Yeah. Um and especially my own dance school. I'm the teacher. So I I will ask anyone that I want to dance with and especially. Yeah, So then I'm not afraid. But when I go to a festival or something with high level international abensor, I was afraid to ask people Uh and and I am still sometimes but I'm trying to push myself and just do it. Um, Because you don't know it's fine and yes Can be nice. Um, so that, but I used to just wait for the guys to come and ask me or ladies. Or that doesn't happen that often that there is same-sex dancing. Um, But now I also lead. So, when I need, I do ask people For the SNL, But I think in general, I would always wait for other people to come and ask me, and now learning to just create my own evening. Also. If you always better because you it's difficult, also to choose who takes energy. If you if you have your students in your school and they would tell you something similar that, they're afraid to ask people dance with them because of whatever reasons. Yeah. What would you tell them? Like any kind of advice you would give them. Well, I will tell them that. I understand because I also still have it. Um but That In general it is also nice To dance With beginners. Because what if you know, if they are beginners? Because, You know, If a person can dance with an advance and leader condense, for example, with them at fenced, then, so that's easy. But you know to to dance with the beginner, it takes other skills. So they can practise that and it's just a way, you know, It's a couple of minutes and you're dancing with someone. You, you're connecting with someone That is nice. I usually see other things. Actually, I'm I'm just saying stuff. What do I say? I say That I understand. But maybe they can try to ask one or two people on a night, you know, to just try it And that if people say no it doesn't matter. It's like million other piece of people, Something like that but it depends on my mood. What I say? I think I don't have a standard answer. All right, I'm asking you right now and the answer which comes up right now. The right one. Okay, Anything you find particularly challenging about quantitative organisation, like, maybe something that's also not really happening with your finger anything. What was the last part challenging about specifically contact conversation? Yeah. Especially you mean or technically Any both?

Yes, I think the, you know, carrying other people, The beam this is Quite comfortable even though I want to get better at it and there's things I don't understand about the balance yet but Scary. Another people I'm a bit. I feel responsible That I do it. Right. What is this? A combination with the responsibility of doing it, right? And also my knowing my own strength or knowing What? Again, I cannot do it's like I don't have it yet. Not well enough to come to be confident about it. Okay. You want to get it more into my body, like, muscle memory, ish To know what I can do and what I cannot do. Yes, Interesting. Your choice of words to carry others. Might be because of Not yet, being used to terminology in contact conversation, but we will try to say to lift a person or to carry to carry. Has for me, a very psychological connotation of like To carry someone as if you couldn't walk by yourself. I need to carry you. It's a little bit like Top down. It's like interesting. I'm just a third. Yeah, It doesn't feel like I have to carry people. That's not what I what I feel in my So but I understand that words are very important And you know I think I don't know but you transfer some weight you know on a part of you from someone and it goes to another place. But I mean, what I find challenging is That I Find some form of balance or stay, I don't know. Sometimes I just feel like I need extra points In there, but I understand it's not carrying, but would it be listing? Just listing sometimes. I also feel can be this. So yeah that's true. I mean, it's again, the trust that the terminology we agreed in this, The domain I agree with you. It's basing someone. I'm your base. That's it. Yeah. So for base, I just need to be grounded firm. I'm still not really tensed And It's outside of the interview. But You say the strength, I, I think in sort of the same with martial arts, The less technique I have, the more I rely on physical strength. If my technique is perfect, I don't need any strength whatsoever. There's this little dance partner of my Japanese. Usually half half your size even and have your weight and she shoulder lifts me meaning, like I'm on her shoulder upside down and completely weird. Because she has alignment Structure. And if we have our structure properly, our angles properly, then then there is no strength that you can easily lift me. If you would know how to get there, right? No, you can. You could? Yes. Yes, I mean that's but Yes that's why I really actually understand that. It's not really about strength What so it would be the technique then. Yeah. Muscle memory practise and Confidence in it. Yeah. And that's what I like about. Controversation that. It also works on your mind like hey I can carry that guy. Who is double my weight? I'm strong enough I can carry people. Look at me. Well, if you continue doing it by experience, Yeah, you you experience at that that you can carry people. So that's a nice thing, right? Yes. Are you interested in the history of contact and conversation? Do you know anything about it? Would you like to know? I heard Some names in this camp, Um, and I forgot them again. Steve Pecks. Yes, whatever. Um I think Some really You know there's summary summary summary of the you know most important Things are important. But For me, if I look at how I actually live, Which says more than what people can say, in words, I think I probably can only place it after I've shown a real Interest into it And, and needs, you know, more background to them equals other parts within this contacting procession Journey. But it starts, I think probably with my own experience and my own opinion Of the bins and then later, maybe I will get more interested in it. The other hand, I don't know what I'm missing, So it could be that it would actually be beneficial for me to know about this, But I don't know it yet. Yep, makes sense. Nice answer. Oh, I just just touched your answer. Yeah, I should not do that. No, I should be neutral as interview fuck me. Um, What is important in conductivization to your understanding so far? So, like in start, so you have some basic principles on being on point. B, being dressed, nicely and smiled? I don't know. Let me just talking shit. What have you heard so far in contact with you? What I important aspects I didn't know about hearing but um, I was three things Then I just looked now, but um, there was content. There was improvisation. Yes, you're correct. And it was author responsibility which I really liked when I learnt about that Because I was thinking about this carrying thing. Uh and I was, for example, afraid that I would be too heavy when I was on other. You know people And then someone is saying something to me, like other responsibility that you are always responsible yourself Of what you can cannot do it. You don't like something you go out of the situation if you're not comfortable in a mood, you can you know, change your your position or or. Um, And I think this was the same thing that I learnt as well as the finding the partner that, Um, When I was afraid that I was, for example, too heavy. I was afraid probably that someone wouldn't, You know, Tell me or or do something about it. And I think I was afraid of it because I don't do it. If you know, if I'm uncomfortable, I will say no, no, I'm fine. I'm fine, I'm good. But actually I would be overflow Or actually would be too heavy or whatever it was. So I learnt that if I change that, Then I can also maybe trust other people to just be responsible for themselves. And then you have two responsible people for themselves and they can actually dance together instead of both people trying to make it better for the other person. And then you're doing something That you goes trying to understand from the other person. And then it gets really complicated. Then at night Not that I'm really good at it yet, but it concept is there. I think it was important thing. I like that. You said the word yet? Growth mindset. Nice one, Another Dutchman. And there is space though. So and there was contact and improvisation. I mean with the improvisation I really like That there is There are rules. They're, they're actually are, and they're basic, basic moves, kind of buds. The freeness of it, or The trying to create whatever happens between Different bodies or within yourself, or multiple, you know, Influences. Then I would say is a really big part of it, because it makes it really different from lots of other dances.

15:02
Um, And it helps you probably uh you know Dealing with life where it grows, throws all kinds of stuff to you and then you Move with it instead of against it or sometimes you do against it. But um, Yeah. So the importation part is a really big one. I think.

What is contact for you?

Well, the most easy form would be physical contact. Great touch. And um, Eating in general, we can contact information. I find it very different from, you know, stroking but it would be more Passing Movement, Um, but it's going to be without also. And then you have contact also, I mean visual, Uh, or Some form of energetic content that you feel, Um, Most of the times with people that's the most practical Part, but it can be also within yourself or with the space or whatever you feel from What's coming towards you, I guess. But then it becomes less Tangible tangible. Let's work. Yep.

Do you rather just dance, the dance? Or would you also like to be a little bit more like Adjust it to the terminology like when you say carry? Like I would say a lot of contact conversation people would immediately identify you as a beginner because she doesn't know that we don't take care of but we say lifting Um Is it something for you? The thing I I don't know. Sorry again but for example in Zuk or in Lindy up like every move has a name Invisation such a thing does not exist yet, Tom and I am working on it. Um, Would you like to actually be a little bit more? Let's say competent in in how to use the Lingo in contributization, is it something which is important to you? Or do you just feel like? No, I'm just here to have that to dance and have fun. Yeah. I mean It's nice if you talk about the same things And so If you talk about it, that would be nice. So of course, I mean now I learnt this I'll probably use live the next time or, Um, In the same but it's at the same time, you know, if someone would judge me as a beginner just because I use a specific word, I would find that a little bit Short minded. And That would can also be a defence strategy of myself that I find that. But um Yeah, In some way I think. The words are not the most important there. So I wouldn't want to spend all my energy on it, You know, learning that terminology is not the goal. I think that I put for myself or that I want to get out of it, But in a sense that it would help me Understand it better, for example, the word letter base, actually means something else. And if you use that, You also start thinking I was differently about what you're doing, Then it helps me. So in that sense, Yes I would be interested. Would I go study it? You know, they're not by heart. Efficiently. Probably not Like don't you miss it sometimes to be able to refer to a specific moves like inside. So you have, I don't know, some spins and turns yes. Yeah. Yeah. And is what I, what I needed when I started I it would be nice, learn some basics, you know? Yeah. But some uses the mere the little animal and things like that. Yes, You have Something. You can at least use It is on, you know Oreos. Basically, For you Practise on things and many times. And it, it would give me this sense of pleasure when it works during uh, during events. Yeah. Now, that would be nice Also. Practising. After maybe, if you want to practise with Friends or with people. Yep. Yeah.

Is this though a kind of like a western way to approach, you know, it's it's good. You see it within Latin American dances and they you look at You know La style salsa for example it's all in a direct line. Yeah and then if you look at it came from from Africa and it was like around and yeah you have Urban kiss and it's like straight lines and it's very structures. It's like your mind to work like this. Yeah, Yeah. So it shouldn't go too far because I think when you get lost also yeah. Yeah, I agree. I mean it's a nice spectrum, feminine and masculine the masculine being like reductionistic separate that and straight and structured, and the feminine more like everything is together. Holistic and round. And yeah, just we all universe. We are God and maybe it's good to have both qualities available. If you did, sometimes you might be aware of this kind of approach That we find our mother and father inside of ourselves. I agree. But would you then say that cognitization might be a little bit too feminine? Well, I was introduced to it in Argentina. It was, I mean liner on the, on the ground for for two hours. Was I think very as it? No, it was more than one hour as a warm up, right? Well, the whole worship was two hours. I mean I liked it and and after there was a speed background because I didn't speak like every every workshop and everyone was like oh it was so nice and I got felt the contact with the Earth and with the yeah trees I think it's great. Once you have the Reciting to learn from that by yourself. But if As a beginner It needs to hold on to something you know the feminine feminine parts that you say that are feminine. I think it needs to glue to something, but if there's nothing to do it too, It It doesn't create anything or not a lot a little bit. So I think maybe for Beginners if they are like me they would need a bit more muscle and in the beginning and then Put the subtle these around it. Instead of start with Universe is one and Yeah.

Yep. But not, you know, two masculine because it's not it's not like Approach after you do first, this stuff in this stuff because then you lose stocks of what contact is from the beginning. Yeah, I like that Some photo que ingas, I think is good. You need to learn from this. Also, It's maybe a part of the improvisation aspect of content. Yes, representation. Yeah, to find something new in being lost. Otherwise it wouldn't be improvised true To be comfortable in being lost in chaos. You know, five rhythms by any chance. If not please do so Five, riddance, five rhythms is the origin of acidic dance. Five rhythms is the true and only thing it's so amazing. I heard my ex but tell me about this ones. Is it like the car and the, the fluent stuff? Yeah. Yeah, they're five different qualities, each song and then you express these quarters. It's really more about dense therapy And it is basically the mother of acidic dance, exciting dances. Especially nowadays, rather diluted something. It's just like having fun, but it lacks the, the meaning, the soul, acidic dances found it, but it has no substance and five rhythms still has it and it's it. It's amazing. Like, if you want to practise how to be more comfortable in being lost, Enjoy the crazy. Chaos phase in Five rhythms. So amazing. Okay. Anyways, Um, Anatomy, you as a medical GP doctor expert, your University November price Out. Well, still far more than most people ever. We know their whole life about The human body and especially Anatomy. Yeah. So do you do you gain some advantage? You experience in your search school in dancing and those in contact conversation, knowing a little bit about the body. I would say, yes. But I think it's difficult for me to know how it would be, if I wouldn't have it Because it doesn't feel like the most important for me. Um, I think other people mend fine. Without, you know, I saw the pictures that were, you know, drawn off healthy sea and I thought, well, they first function fine even though they think it's just like them. I wasn't for you. Like I think you know very exactly how I pavevis looks like and then seeing these drawings, I mean, I'm not I'm, I'm like terrible But you know how it looks like, right? You have an understanding. I teach it to my students. So yeah. Yes, It was funny to see other other people's drawings. It opened my mind that That this is not general knowledge that everyone has. Yeah, I think in uh so I probably don't know how much it helped me Because it feels natural But in some way, especially in contacting probably helps you. Of course, just to know what kinds of things are possible and what are not, you know, just physically not possible in most bodies But I think, you know, my anatomy knowledge reaches Towards knowing where it is and what it does. But it doesn't really integrate into my body Ceiling. I'm working on it a little bit but feeling actually what my anatomy does for me, it feels more theoretical than integrated into my body.

Okay, And I can point on a picture, you know, that's that that's that.

Like, Okay, three things. One is joint. When I think about the types of joints we have in our body, Does it somehow serve you that you can get aware? Oh, when I rotate, my Whatever lower arm, it might be a little bit in my monoton Supernaturation in my elbow joint, but it's mostly actually happening in the shoulder or like when I move, when I rotate my, my lower leg that I can't actually rotate in my knee joint but it's actually all happening in the hip socket and I, I can imagine most people don't know that Does it dare from maybe help you knowing where the movement is actually happening. Like just like based on the type of the joint and it's range of motion. And yeah, It does. But, you know, I disappoint myself a little bit but I have to be honest here, I think I sometimes don't, you know, take too much time to really think or analyse it. So I think I understand it and I I know, you know, specific joints, they just do like stretching and flexing or you know, in general and Kind of know where the muscles are And I understand that, you know, my shoulders and my hips are very similar in the way they move. And, You know, I hope my hip I understand some things. But To be honest, I don't really think about it that much when For example, you know, there's this hammer lock thing called I think all the hemorrh. Maybe you have it been so close. I don't know. You put a book, your arm around your back and then someone can catch it here. Yeah. Yeah. And if two to get there, you know, you have to go low and then do this instead. Go like this and you kind of break someone's arm. So we use it in explaining to prevent injuries.

15:15
But I think, if I hear you talk, You know about, I understand But I don't, They do think about it.

It's funny because in martial arts we used exactly for that purpose to know how to break stuff. We need to understand But it. But anyway, So I was in the plaque vessel. Let's go here. So you always hit here, you don't hit in the back. You hit the here cartilage. Very easy to break. You hit here, easy to break. So anatomical knowledge is it necessary in martial arts to break stuff in the ends and sports and acrobatics to not break stuff? Um Maybe the last one, So you're saying, you don't use your knowledge, you have the knowledge, you have the theoretically knowledge but applying it while you move. While you dance, is not really yet a thing. Um, Because I can imagine it could be useful to visualise. I'm very visual person. So when I move, when I see a person, I see that the, the structure, like if I would have an x-ray vision built in And, And that sometimes helps me just to have this 3D image in my mind of, like, where is the muscle attaching and stuff. So, being aware like really take time to deliberately think about these things to visualise it. While you're moving, that could maybe help And also like in the other thing I want to close that now is communication right? If Tom says in our lie on the floor and explore your to handle Mario and 99 of the people have no fucking clue whether to hantomayo is and let alone wear it is and what to do with it, right? But if you have this knowledge again when you have names for techniques it makes communication easier. Yeah, So that. That's a very, very practical reason why it could be of benefit but then also just like the 10 most important structures done, But that's just how I see it. How do you see that? Yeah. Well Yeah, I said against since I was nine, so when I see people moving For me, it's quite easy. I think generally easier than most people To copy the movement. So how do I do that? I don't know. I if it's But I see other games, there's also do it in some. Some of them might not have Specific and Natalie. I don't know if I really see an x-ray, not consciently.

But I can if I want But you don't engage in it while dancing. So it's not really a benefit during dancing for you. Well, not constantly, you know, as I said I don't know how it would be if I wouldn't have. Yeah, But maybe I'm just so used it and maybe I use it without knowing. It could be that I'm I'm not sure. So that's about medicine and anatomy which is a little bit more like a home base. How about going outside of your home-based physics? Are you interested in physics? What are you interested in physics? Well, I think it's important. I mean we are talking about. It's a lot of gravity And Especially with balancing and counterbalancing Excelled You need to trust this process. I think because I I did do some movements or practises with people where they kind of don't want to put their weight into it And then I cannot either and then it just doesn't work. And if you I feel like normally I trust I really like this idea of you Like putting my weight somewhere and then feeling this balance that it exists. Um so I think some knowledge about that, It's nice. Um Yeah, That in fact something else about it.

Yeah. Also. It's Yeah, With Spider-Man physics, where you say the arm times. The The strength or something, like not the arm, but the distance from A place, and then it gets more heavy even and it's more connected to your body. You can it it's less heavy Things like that. I think are very important to understand To, you know, for example, for measing Jonas said, where again? And where I cannot do Things. Yeah. Would I really go into the specific Physical strengths of every movement? I don't think so. A general knowledge. Yes. Yeah. I mean you also heard it in Thomas Workshop that he uses a lot of language from physics. There might be, I've been different if you take a class in South America, in Argentinia and and other Like dialects or like other cultures dancing contact conversation. But as far as I understand, contact conversations, very much, the exploration of physics, Like gravity is constantly being mentioned, Steve PEX, in the founder of contact debrisation, he wrote a book and he titled Gravity. I think I hope it's lying around. So, by the founding father himself, he would put a lot of attention. Actually, on the physics happening between two bodies, exploring this gravitational pull in relation to the ground or something like it. That's the definition of cognitation. Well, that's the essence of it. So But then again like as you said with an automate it's nice to to know it is it really necessary essential. That's really improve my my skills or my pleasure or whatever it is. I want to gain from contribution. You could you could answer the same for anatomy but also for physics then Without any understanding of any concept of physics like intellectual understanding, Does it does it anyhow? Effect. My Contact conversation experience question, mark.

Well, it would depend, I mean, do you understand? Does this person without knowing, maybe the language of physics understand that you have to, you know, could equal Wage or like not equal weight but at a different point in order to stay in balance or, Or do you understand where this point gravitates to words? Then you don't I wouldn't say you need The specific you know formulae or or words, but Then you do already ascend it. Yeah. So then, yeah, it depends on that. But you do need to understand In some way if it's in your body or in your mind.

These masses work together. Let's say embodied versus intellectual understanding. Yeah and So it's somehow needs to be there. Yeah I need to be able to apply it whether it's like top down for my head or bottom up for my body. I would personally say it's beneficial to have both the masculine and the feminine approach Of course, because then I can. But I mean your question was can it be without then? I would actually say it would be nice if it's in your body, then if it's in your mind, If it's a Execute, the applicable if I can apply, that's more important even without me knowing what I'm doing. Yes, yes. Is that? That embodied understanding already? I can imagine. So therefore Being able to do it is more important than no knowing what is happening. Yeah. Basic professor, you know, no, he really made me a fade but their body would probably totally not. I mean the general normal. Yeah. This is Professor. Maybe. Yeah, I agree. So time wise, we said until half past three, shall we really, or should we go over time? Or shall we stop here? Because we are like Halfway through Halfway ready? Yeah, we are like question block. Zero one and two done. We have question block, three and four and five is just like a Not very quick. Okay. Well we can still go on I, um, but it depends on you also. Yeah, I only need to pee and then we can continue. I have no plans for today. All right. So, small and break then, Okay.

You get hungry from you then I can I take one more minute to get. All right.
