part 3
part 4
part 5


14:05
We could go into that. Um, but 
We could go into that. Um, but I 

Likely to use it question For different purposes. 

British English. Fuck it. Yeah, whatever. Okay. 

14:34
Ready to transcribe. I'm going to record audio as well as Transcription of what is being said. Um, I will not post it anyway at the audio Optima. I just maintained keep for when the transcription is not clear. I will. Yeah. Again, No, no literary quotes. I will just get the gist out of it and then put it into the book. There will be no credits. Give me your name, will be not been mentioned even if you want it. There will be. No. Thanks Giver in the book. I'm also trying to actually not have my name in it because I just want the book to be the book without idealizing people and worshipping eithers and great people contributed to it, okay? With that. Yes, Top test pep, right? I'm going to add increase volume here. 

Can you say something, please? Yes, I can say something. Just this. Okay. Okay, Great. Let's start. I don't know how much demographics are relevant. You're the first beginner I'm interviewing You. Are you are a woman. You are 32. Yeah uploading. I start medicine. So you finished University degree? Yes Monster Because it's important for me because I also want to know a little bit like maybe I will do that a little bit bigger skate. Like what is the steered to click on average CI person? Yes, Occupation. You do? I teach medical students And I own a dancehall. It's also dance school. Are you riches? Do you belong? Do you belong to religious group? No. So actually, I don't need to type that because it's our transcribed. All right. So so where do you feel home? In regards to movement Sports dance. You mentioned now Salter but Maybe a little bit about that. And anything else? Yeah, well, uh, okay. I started as a when I was nine which pre-dense and then I did ballet until 16 17. When I went to University, I stopped for a little bit. I did some Contemporary And when I was in University I started salsa And got addicted to that. So lots of salsa salsa salsa then some bachata a little bit of silk. Then recently I started Tango two years ago And last year A bit of aesthetic dance and contacting proposition and future. What is Fusion? So yeah, it's a partner dance Or your densitive in partners, but there's no actual rule of what kind of style you're dancing And people bring whatever they have. So I bring salsa and without that and other people being Swing word or blues or Bofoc or what, whatever they're doing into make something out of it, on more contemporary music, instead of a specific style, like salsaic, it has a specific kind of music To the dentist. You do are mostly, like correctly. If I'm wrong, Southern American and more like standard dances. Yes, yes. And partner than it is mostly yes. Okay, Any other kind of addictions you have About movement or sports? No reason to seven running. Again, I like moving movements being busy with my body, but No, not a little bit of yoga, sometimes, but nothing big. Okay, And you mentioned you started ecstatic dance and contact improvisation. Uh, how comes like, Why do you mention these two together? Well because So last year I did a one week thumbs that course And then we did some dancing in there which Someone told me is something you could do also in aesthetic then so then I went to aesthetic, dance in ecstatic dance. I did some dancing together with people, which Was, I think some form of light contacting proposition And because This was my way into contact improvisation. It's in my head, it's kind of connected. And then I heard someone saying she was doing a contacts imperversation camp in Argentina, where it was and I was still looking for something to do Like the more course wise. And she said she was in that, and it was in a mountains. And I felt like oh I did contact him conversation in Accepticons and I'm looking for something to do and then And one. So for me it's connected in the way it went with me. Okay, that's valuable information. Thank you. Um So you started it about a year ago from time to extended dance, to contact conversation and then I did 10-day contact conversation camp in Argentina. That was my Actual start. How was that? Very confrontational, How comes I I didn't really enjoy myself in the first Half of it But I did No it would get better. So I loved it the same. I wasn't happy or, you know Like smiling happy but I felt like ooh this is I'm I'm gonna learn a lot, but I feel like I'm drowning now but I will probably learn to Read some help. It was conversational because there were 70 people. There, it was quite big. They were all speaking Spanish as folk Spanish, but A group speaking Spanish is more difficult. Anyways, I got in there and I saw these people rolling around over each other in an outside created Jam, space And jumping on each other and I had no clue of how to get in what kind of you know all these norms that you were talking about. I just felt, you know, out of place. I was a very western looking blonde Woman and it was more Latin Americans. There. It was completely fun. I was welcome, but I felt an outsider in many ways that the beginner Language looks. Yeah. And There were court, there were classes, the first case, but they were, you know, they started with lying on the ground for an hour and meditating and and then You go do something and I needed Some Basics like Roaming goes like this or Me like a basic steps like I was used to in Salsaur, you know, I understand we don't have a comment but some things will hold on to And I asked that from other people. But, Um, It took me a while to be confident enough to ask for what I felt that I needed. Uh, yeah. So Lonely, it was I guess But very interesting also. Personal off the record question. Do you feel lonely? Often, Maybe not now only if you want. Um, 

Let's continue. What is contemprezation For you? Which box would you put it? I think I put it into. Let me see what I don't get to sleep anymore. I, 

Where do I have? I said, dance and movement. It's a way of connecting with your own and other bodies And the language that you speak With your body by combining movement, improvisation and connection. But I do Also feel in some way that it is then. Um, 

What is dance? Define dance, what makes Danza dance when, when does dance stop being a dance? When is it just like Is ecstatic dance at the end when someone lies on the floor and doesn't move? Es. Puto dance. So acrobatic stands. It does stands need music? Is it was Aesthetic, it's about performance. What is high performance Sports versus dance? How would you see that martial? Art is martial arts dance Aikido? Okay, answer it. Um, So dance needs movement, it doesn't necessarily need music. Although many times it is Combined with but it doesn't have to. Um Um you said the acrobatics I think, purely acrobatics, don't really for me Our same as fence because Is then only about strength and getting to a specific place for me. And dance would be more about the connection between Between, Um, movements In some way. Um, 

Yes, there were other things, you asked many things, I don't remember demo, it's good that the only remember the ones which are important, so it's good that you forget, Feed the process, trust it, I would say, 

Does dance need to look good? And no. But for me. Yes. Yeah, there's something I want to learn but That's why what I like about contacting conversation. Feels like something that I can learn or, or Yeah, learn from this form. Okay, Anything else to add? No, no. What made you start contact conversation? I mean you got curious during acidic dance, you mentioned. But What put you over the edge? Just like, oh yeah, let's go to Argentina for 10 10 days thing. What made you to do that? Well, I was already Argentina. Okay. But um Um, What this idea that of improvisation Together That is something I don't you do improvise in salsa but it's always within a really Uh straight The boundaries And with contact improvisation. I felt, I could maybe learn To let go a bit more about all these boundaries and, And see what happens without, you know, a frequency plan or, Or letting go of this is right. And this is wrong. There are things right and wrong in contact and conversation. But it is a bit broader than Than in other specific Styles. I think that and I felt comfortable that It was in a form of dance because at least I feel comfortable moving my body. So, it would be new things. But With skills, that I feel comfortable, actually, Makes sense And let me see. If I wrote other things that I'm not for rough, Which question is this? 1.2. Uh, Yeah, no, And learning something new in general. But, And then I also like 

Makes sense. So you kind of already answered why you like it because it's less strict. I would say more principle base. Therefore there's not such a clear thing, as in right and wrong, there is, but not so clear. Okay. So let's skip that. What are you afraid of when, when you think about contact conversation doing it? Two ways answer one is more the practically technical part, like in that you, you know, break your neck and die Or that someone's thumbs on your head or whatever. And also, like the more persons psychological social as we already talked about, not finding a partner or not performing, you get some comfort because you feel confident in moving. So it means if you would not have that experience with sites the dancing or any kind of dance, I guess. Also, they would be kind of a fear of like, oh, am I good enough and do people enjoy it with me? So how is it for you? And things are saying it's uh you already answered enough. Well no, uh, finding out. I find difficult. And I think What I find difficult has something to do. Of course, with me, but I'm scared. People might say yes, but don't want to. Yes, I can relate to that. Yes. So that's I think I'm scared to ask people because I don't want to force them to say. Yes, I know I'm not forcing them and then I think it actually comes from the fact that I sometimes say yes, well I don't want to. So you know, these things I learn from from the conversation. I think. Um, Yes, so there's that. 

14:48
Of course, there's also the fear of Students with someone normally it goes. Well, but sometimes I do get stuck in this. Oh, I'm doing it wrong or Yeah, the right long question of dancing or maybe You get stuck a little bit in whatever movement you're doing. And then I start getting in my head. Um, and I think also I probably also am afraid that people say no even though I learnt that I don't really mind the people just say no, it's fine. I can handle That, but still, there is something that keeps me from asking it. So, the fear of the no is uh, real, the actual no is fine. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I have to say It's like with needles. I'm so scared of needles but when it happens like, huh? That was it, Okay, yeah. But how is it inside? I mean, in, in regular regular dance classes, there's usually like the circle and you switch places and its structured. Therefore, it's easy because you don't need to find a partner is assigned. But when you go to, I can imagine there's something like jams or socials. You call them? Yes. Um I find it difficult but I find it less difficult now because I don't consider myself a beginner anymore. Yeah. Um and especially my own dance school. I'm the teacher. So I I will ask anyone that I want to dance with and especially. Yeah, So then I'm not afraid. But when I go to a festival or something with high level international abensor, I was afraid to ask people Uh and and I am still sometimes but I'm trying to push myself and just do it. Um, Because you don't know it's fine and yes Can be nice. Um, so that, but I used to just wait for the guys to come and ask me or ladies. Or that doesn't happen that often that there is same-sex dancing. Um, But now I also lead. So, when I need, I do ask people For the SNL, But I think in general, I would always wait for other people to come and ask me, and now learning to just create my own evening. Also. If you always better because you it's difficult, also to choose who takes energy. If you if you have your students in your school and they would tell you something similar that, they're afraid to ask people dance with them because of whatever reasons. Yeah. What would you tell them? Like any kind of advice you would give them. Well, I will tell them that. I understand because I also still have it. Um but That In general it is also nice To dance With beginners. Because what if you know, if they are beginners? Because, You know, If a person can dance with an advance and leader condense, for example, with them at fenced, then, so that's easy. But you know to to dance with the beginner, it takes other skills. So they can practise that and it's just a way, you know, It's a couple of minutes and you're dancing with someone. You, you're connecting with someone That is nice. I usually see other things. Actually, I'm I'm just saying stuff. What do I say? I say That I understand. But maybe they can try to ask one or two people on a night, you know, to just try it And that if people say no it doesn't matter. It's like million other piece of people, Something like that but it depends on my mood. What I say? I think I don't have a standard answer. All right, I'm asking you right now and the answer which comes up right now. The right one. Okay, Anything you find particularly challenging about quantitative organisation, like, maybe something that's also not really happening with your finger anything. What was the last part challenging about specifically contact conversation? Yeah. Especially you mean or technically Any both? 

Yes, I think the, you know, carrying other people, The beam this is Quite comfortable even though I want to get better at it and there's things I don't understand about the balance yet but Scary. Another people I'm a bit. I feel responsible That I do it. Right. What is this? A combination with the responsibility of doing it, right? And also my knowing my own strength or knowing What? Again, I cannot do it's like I don't have it yet. Not well enough to come to be confident about it. Okay. You want to get it more into my body, like, muscle memory, ish To know what I can do and what I cannot do. Yes, Interesting. Your choice of words to carry others. Might be because of Not yet, being used to terminology in contact conversation, but we will try to say to lift a person or to carry to carry. Has for me, a very psychological connotation of like To carry someone as if you couldn't walk by yourself. I need to carry you. It's a little bit like Top down. It's like interesting. I'm just a third. Yeah, It doesn't feel like I have to carry people. That's not what I what I feel in my So but I understand that words are very important And you know I think I don't know but you transfer some weight you know on a part of you from someone and it goes to another place. But I mean, what I find challenging is That I Find some form of balance or stay, I don't know. Sometimes I just feel like I need extra points In there, but I understand it's not carrying, but would it be listing? Just listing sometimes. I also feel can be this. So yeah that's true. I mean, it's again, the trust that the terminology we agreed in this, The domain I agree with you. It's basing someone. I'm your base. That's it. Yeah. So for base, I just need to be grounded firm. I'm still not really tensed And It's outside of the interview. But You say the strength, I, I think in sort of the same with martial arts, The less technique I have, the more I rely on physical strength. If my technique is perfect, I don't need any strength whatsoever. There's this little dance partner of my Japanese. Usually half half your size even and have your weight and she shoulder lifts me meaning, like I'm on her shoulder upside down and completely weird. Because she has alignment Structure. And if we have our structure properly, our angles properly, then then there is no strength that you can easily lift me. If you would know how to get there, right? No, you can. You could? Yes. Yes, I mean that's but Yes that's why I really actually understand that. It's not really about strength What so it would be the technique then. Yeah. Muscle memory practise and Confidence in it. Yeah. And that's what I like about. Controversation that. It also works on your mind like hey I can carry that guy. Who is double my weight? I'm strong enough I can carry people. Look at me. Well, if you continue doing it by experience, Yeah, you you experience at that that you can carry people. So that's a nice thing, right? Yes. Are you interested in the history of contact and conversation? Do you know anything about it? Would you like to know? I heard Some names in this camp, Um, and I forgot them again. Steve Pecks. Yes, whatever. Um I think Some really You know there's summary summary summary of the you know most important Things are important. But For me, if I look at how I actually live, Which says more than what people can say, in words, I think I probably can only place it after I've shown a real Interest into it And, and needs, you know, more background to them equals other parts within this contacting procession Journey. But it starts, I think probably with my own experience and my own opinion Of the bins and then later, maybe I will get more interested in it. The other hand, I don't know what I'm missing, So it could be that it would actually be beneficial for me to know about this, But I don't know it yet. Yep, makes sense. Nice answer. Oh, I just just touched your answer. Yeah, I should not do that. No, I should be neutral as interview fuck me. Um, What is important in conductivization to your understanding so far? So, like in start, so you have some basic principles on being on point. B, being dressed, nicely and smiled? I don't know. Let me just talking shit. What have you heard so far in contact with you? What I important aspects I didn't know about hearing but um, I was three things Then I just looked now, but um, there was content. There was improvisation. Yes, you're correct. And it was author responsibility which I really liked when I learnt about that Because I was thinking about this carrying thing. Uh and I was, for example, afraid that I would be too heavy when I was on other. You know people And then someone is saying something to me, like other responsibility that you are always responsible yourself Of what you can cannot do it. You don't like something you go out of the situation if you're not comfortable in a mood, you can you know, change your your position or or. Um, And I think this was the same thing that I learnt as well as the finding the partner that, Um, When I was afraid that I was, for example, too heavy. I was afraid probably that someone wouldn't, You know, Tell me or or do something about it. And I think I was afraid of it because I don't do it. If you know, if I'm uncomfortable, I will say no, no, I'm fine. I'm fine, I'm good. But actually I would be overflow Or actually would be too heavy or whatever it was. So I learnt that if I change that, Then I can also maybe trust other people to just be responsible for themselves. And then you have two responsible people for themselves and they can actually dance together instead of both people trying to make it better for the other person. And then you're doing something That you goes trying to understand from the other person. And then it gets really complicated. Then at night Not that I'm really good at it yet, but it concept is there. I think it was important thing. I like that. You said the word yet? Growth mindset. Nice one, Another Dutchman. And there is space though. So and there was contact and improvisation. I mean with the improvisation I really like That there is There are rules. They're, they're actually are, and they're basic, basic moves, kind of buds. The freeness of it, or The trying to create whatever happens between Different bodies or within yourself, or multiple, you know, Influences. Then I would say is a really big part of it, because it makes it really different from lots of other dances. 

15:02
Um, And it helps you probably uh you know Dealing with life where it grows, throws all kinds of stuff to you and then you Move with it instead of against it or sometimes you do against it. But um, Yeah. So the importation part is a really big one. I think. 

What is contact for you? 

Well, the most easy form would be physical contact. Great touch. And um, Eating in general, we can contact information. I find it very different from, you know, stroking but it would be more Passing Movement, Um, but it's going to be without also. And then you have contact also, I mean visual, Uh, or Some form of energetic content that you feel, Um, Most of the times with people that's the most practical Part, but it can be also within yourself or with the space or whatever you feel from What's coming towards you, I guess. But then it becomes less Tangible tangible. Let's work. Yep. 

Do you rather just dance, the dance? Or would you also like to be a little bit more like Adjust it to the terminology like when you say carry? Like I would say a lot of contact conversation people would immediately identify you as a beginner because she doesn't know that we don't take care of but we say lifting Um Is it something for you? The thing I I don't know. Sorry again but for example in Zuk or in Lindy up like every move has a name Invisation such a thing does not exist yet, Tom and I am working on it. Um, Would you like to actually be a little bit more? Let's say competent in in how to use the Lingo in contributization, is it something which is important to you? Or do you just feel like? No, I'm just here to have that to dance and have fun. Yeah. I mean It's nice if you talk about the same things And so If you talk about it, that would be nice. So of course, I mean now I learnt this I'll probably use live the next time or, Um, In the same but it's at the same time, you know, if someone would judge me as a beginner just because I use a specific word, I would find that a little bit Short minded. And That would can also be a defence strategy of myself that I find that. But um Yeah, In some way I think. The words are not the most important there. So I wouldn't want to spend all my energy on it, You know, learning that terminology is not the goal. I think that I put for myself or that I want to get out of it, But in a sense that it would help me Understand it better, for example, the word letter base, actually means something else. And if you use that, You also start thinking I was differently about what you're doing, Then it helps me. So in that sense, Yes I would be interested. Would I go study it? You know, they're not by heart. Efficiently. Probably not Like don't you miss it sometimes to be able to refer to a specific moves like inside. So you have, I don't know, some spins and turns yes. Yeah. Yeah. And is what I, what I needed when I started I it would be nice, learn some basics, you know? Yeah. But some uses the mere the little animal and things like that. Yes, You have Something. You can at least use It is on, you know Oreos. Basically, For you Practise on things and many times. And it, it would give me this sense of pleasure when it works during uh, during events. Yeah. Now, that would be nice Also. Practising. After maybe, if you want to practise with Friends or with people. Yep. Yeah. 

Is this though a kind of like a western way to approach, you know, it's it's good. You see it within Latin American dances and they you look at You know La style salsa for example it's all in a direct line. Yeah and then if you look at it came from from Africa and it was like around and yeah you have Urban kiss and it's like straight lines and it's very structures. It's like your mind to work like this. Yeah, Yeah. So it shouldn't go too far because I think when you get lost also yeah. Yeah, I agree. I mean it's a nice spectrum, feminine and masculine the masculine being like reductionistic separate that and straight and structured, and the feminine more like everything is together. Holistic and round. And yeah, just we all universe. We are God and maybe it's good to have both qualities available. If you did, sometimes you might be aware of this kind of approach That we find our mother and father inside of ourselves. I agree. But would you then say that cognitization might be a little bit too feminine? Well, I was introduced to it in Argentina. It was, I mean liner on the, on the ground for for two hours. Was I think very as it? No, it was more than one hour as a warm up, right? Well, the whole worship was two hours. I mean I liked it and and after there was a speed background because I didn't speak like every every workshop and everyone was like oh it was so nice and I got felt the contact with the Earth and with the yeah trees I think it's great. Once you have the Reciting to learn from that by yourself. But if As a beginner It needs to hold on to something you know the feminine feminine parts that you say that are feminine. I think it needs to glue to something, but if there's nothing to do it too, It It doesn't create anything or not a lot a little bit. So I think maybe for Beginners if they are like me they would need a bit more muscle and in the beginning and then Put the subtle these around it. Instead of start with Universe is one and Yeah. 

Yep. But not, you know, two masculine because it's not it's not like Approach after you do first, this stuff in this stuff because then you lose stocks of what contact is from the beginning. Yeah, I like that Some photo que ingas, I think is good. You need to learn from this. Also, It's maybe a part of the improvisation aspect of content. Yes, representation. Yeah, to find something new in being lost. Otherwise it wouldn't be improvised true To be comfortable in being lost in chaos. You know, five rhythms by any chance. If not please do so Five, riddance, five rhythms is the origin of acidic dance. Five rhythms is the true and only thing it's so amazing. I heard my ex but tell me about this ones. Is it like the car and the, the fluent stuff? Yeah. Yeah, they're five different qualities, each song and then you express these quarters. It's really more about dense therapy And it is basically the mother of acidic dance, exciting dances. Especially nowadays, rather diluted something. It's just like having fun, but it lacks the, the meaning, the soul, acidic dances found it, but it has no substance and five rhythms still has it and it's it. It's amazing. Like, if you want to practise how to be more comfortable in being lost, Enjoy the crazy. Chaos phase in Five rhythms. So amazing. Okay. Anyways, Um, Anatomy, you as a medical GP doctor expert, your University November price Out. Well, still far more than most people ever. We know their whole life about The human body and especially Anatomy. Yeah. So do you do you gain some advantage? You experience in your search school in dancing and those in contact conversation, knowing a little bit about the body. I would say, yes. But I think it's difficult for me to know how it would be, if I wouldn't have it Because it doesn't feel like the most important for me. Um, I think other people mend fine. Without, you know, I saw the pictures that were, you know, drawn off healthy sea and I thought, well, they first function fine even though they think it's just like them. I wasn't for you. Like I think you know very exactly how I pavevis looks like and then seeing these drawings, I mean, I'm not I'm, I'm like terrible But you know how it looks like, right? You have an understanding. I teach it to my students. So yeah. Yes, It was funny to see other other people's drawings. It opened my mind that That this is not general knowledge that everyone has. Yeah, I think in uh so I probably don't know how much it helped me Because it feels natural But in some way, especially in contacting probably helps you. Of course, just to know what kinds of things are possible and what are not, you know, just physically not possible in most bodies But I think, you know, my anatomy knowledge reaches Towards knowing where it is and what it does. But it doesn't really integrate into my body Ceiling. I'm working on it a little bit but feeling actually what my anatomy does for me, it feels more theoretical than integrated into my body. 

Okay, And I can point on a picture, you know, that's that that's that. 

Like, Okay, three things. One is joint. When I think about the types of joints we have in our body, Does it somehow serve you that you can get aware? Oh, when I rotate, my Whatever lower arm, it might be a little bit in my monoton Supernaturation in my elbow joint, but it's mostly actually happening in the shoulder or like when I move, when I rotate my, my lower leg that I can't actually rotate in my knee joint but it's actually all happening in the hip socket and I, I can imagine most people don't know that Does it dare from maybe help you knowing where the movement is actually happening. Like just like based on the type of the joint and it's range of motion. And yeah, It does. But, you know, I disappoint myself a little bit but I have to be honest here, I think I sometimes don't, you know, take too much time to really think or analyse it. So I think I understand it and I I know, you know, specific joints, they just do like stretching and flexing or you know, in general and Kind of know where the muscles are And I understand that, you know, my shoulders and my hips are very similar in the way they move. And, You know, I hope my hip I understand some things. But To be honest, I don't really think about it that much when For example, you know, there's this hammer lock thing called I think all the hemorrh. Maybe you have it been so close. I don't know. You put a book, your arm around your back and then someone can catch it here. Yeah. Yeah. And if two to get there, you know, you have to go low and then do this instead. Go like this and you kind of break someone's arm. So we use it in explaining to prevent injuries. 

15:15
But I think, if I hear you talk, You know about, I understand But I don't, They do think about it. 

It's funny because in martial arts we used exactly for that purpose to know how to break stuff. We need to understand But it. But anyway, So I was in the plaque vessel. Let's go here. So you always hit here, you don't hit in the back. You hit the here cartilage. Very easy to break. You hit here, easy to break. So anatomical knowledge is it necessary in martial arts to break stuff in the ends and sports and acrobatics to not break stuff? Um Maybe the last one, So you're saying, you don't use your knowledge, you have the knowledge, you have the theoretically knowledge but applying it while you move. While you dance, is not really yet a thing. Um, Because I can imagine it could be useful to visualise. I'm very visual person. So when I move, when I see a person, I see that the, the structure, like if I would have an x-ray vision built in And, And that sometimes helps me just to have this 3D image in my mind of, like, where is the muscle attaching and stuff. So, being aware like really take time to deliberately think about these things to visualise it. While you're moving, that could maybe help And also like in the other thing I want to close that now is communication right? If Tom says in our lie on the floor and explore your to handle Mario and 99 of the people have no fucking clue whether to hantomayo is and let alone wear it is and what to do with it, right? But if you have this knowledge again when you have names for techniques it makes communication easier. Yeah, So that. That's a very, very practical reason why it could be of benefit but then also just like the 10 most important structures done, But that's just how I see it. How do you see that? Yeah. Well Yeah, I said against since I was nine, so when I see people moving For me, it's quite easy. I think generally easier than most people To copy the movement. So how do I do that? I don't know. I if it's But I see other games, there's also do it in some. Some of them might not have Specific and Natalie. I don't know if I really see an x-ray, not consciently. 

But I can if I want But you don't engage in it while dancing. So it's not really a benefit during dancing for you. Well, not constantly, you know, as I said I don't know how it would be if I wouldn't have. Yeah, But maybe I'm just so used it and maybe I use it without knowing. It could be that I'm I'm not sure. So that's about medicine and anatomy which is a little bit more like a home base. How about going outside of your home-based physics? Are you interested in physics? What are you interested in physics? Well, I think it's important. I mean we are talking about. It's a lot of gravity And Especially with balancing and counterbalancing Excelled You need to trust this process. I think because I I did do some movements or practises with people where they kind of don't want to put their weight into it And then I cannot either and then it just doesn't work. And if you I feel like normally I trust I really like this idea of you Like putting my weight somewhere and then feeling this balance that it exists. Um so I think some knowledge about that, It's nice. Um Yeah, That in fact something else about it. 

Yeah. Also. It's Yeah, With Spider-Man physics, where you say the arm times. The The strength or something, like not the arm, but the distance from A place, and then it gets more heavy even and it's more connected to your body. You can it it's less heavy Things like that. I think are very important to understand To, you know, for example, for measing Jonas said, where again? And where I cannot do Things. Yeah. Would I really go into the specific Physical strengths of every movement? I don't think so. A general knowledge. Yes. Yeah. I mean you also heard it in Thomas Workshop that he uses a lot of language from physics. There might be, I've been different if you take a class in South America, in Argentinia and and other Like dialects or like other cultures dancing contact conversation. But as far as I understand, contact conversations, very much, the exploration of physics, Like gravity is constantly being mentioned, Steve PEX, in the founder of contact debrisation, he wrote a book and he titled Gravity. I think I hope it's lying around. So, by the founding father himself, he would put a lot of attention. Actually, on the physics happening between two bodies, exploring this gravitational pull in relation to the ground or something like it. That's the definition of cognitation. Well, that's the essence of it. So But then again like as you said with an automate it's nice to to know it is it really necessary essential. That's really improve my my skills or my pleasure or whatever it is. I want to gain from contribution. You could you could answer the same for anatomy but also for physics then Without any understanding of any concept of physics like intellectual understanding, Does it does it anyhow? Effect. My Contact conversation experience question, mark. 

Well, it would depend, I mean, do you understand? Does this person without knowing, maybe the language of physics understand that you have to, you know, could equal Wage or like not equal weight but at a different point in order to stay in balance or, Or do you understand where this point gravitates to words? Then you don't I wouldn't say you need The specific you know formulae or or words, but Then you do already ascend it. Yeah. So then, yeah, it depends on that. But you do need to understand In some way if it's in your body or in your mind. 

These masses work together. Let's say embodied versus intellectual understanding. Yeah and So it's somehow needs to be there. Yeah I need to be able to apply it whether it's like top down for my head or bottom up for my body. I would personally say it's beneficial to have both the masculine and the feminine approach Of course, because then I can. But I mean your question was can it be without then? I would actually say it would be nice if it's in your body, then if it's in your mind, If it's a Execute, the applicable if I can apply, that's more important even without me knowing what I'm doing. Yes, yes. Is that? That embodied understanding already? I can imagine. So therefore Being able to do it is more important than no knowing what is happening. Yeah. Basic professor, you know, no, he really made me a fade but their body would probably totally not. I mean the general normal. Yeah. This is Professor. Maybe. Yeah, I agree. So time wise, we said until half past three, shall we really, or should we go over time? Or shall we stop here? Because we are like Halfway through Halfway ready? Yeah, we are like question block. Zero one and two done. We have question block, three and four and five is just like a Not very quick. Okay. Well we can still go on I, um, but it depends on you also. Yeah, I only need to pee and then we can continue. I have no plans for today. All right. So, small and break then, Okay. 

You get hungry from you then I can I take one more minute to get. All right. 

15:31
Check check. Are you working? Yes. 

So your favourite topic. How do you deal with? Finding a partner starting and ending a dance or even? Wow, super scary. Join an existing Duo. Like what comes up inside of you? We talked it already a little bit about it, but maybe you want to again, elaborate on that. Um, Well, so I thought already about the fear of people saying, yes, when they don't want, When I go and find Partner, Um, I think I use um well, I contacted something Which I use, but I use it always differently. But You know, you look at someone, Then you look away And then starts the thinking process like oh yeah. Do I need to look back now or I don't, I just I feel jealous for on towards people. Ian people that where it seems to go Natural But then sometimes it does go natural. So I felt With this weekend with Tom that, You know, you walk around. You feel some Kind of You walk around some more you end up at the same person again and then It seems like the choice is made or something But I never know if it is. Then me that made the chores. I said the other person that actually created this. I I want Clarity but I think the way to go is to let go of of this idea that there will be Clarity. I think that would be a way but I'm not there yet. Yeah, And I would want to Try to ask a bit more like, not asking words. But, you know, Try to create Contact. But I rarely did that. I think the times we dance together, you've asked, or you We're So I don't really know how to yet. I think what I do is I try to, you know, maybe when I'm ready to dance, Maybe I tried to be as open as I can manage to be and then hope that someone We'll join me very feminine. Way to do that. Yes. But I think also sometimes I think I am open but I am actually not so it's very hard for people to Come towards me. And I did do in Argentina. There were some Times moments that I was with multiple people, But I think I rarely went to join myself, it would be more accepting other people that would make contact and then. Oh, okay. And then go on because it's a really nice way. To also change Partners was in some way because then sometimes One person goes, It's awards. Another Something. And then you have a new partner. Now, it's still very much a mystery to me. I think this keeps to be a learning process. We have tips Plenty after the interview. Um And insults I guess it's rather straightforward. You asking words. Yes, Most of the time the leader asks but it is really okay. He has a follow-up to ask also In Tango, it's nice. You make eye contact it with Cabaseo. You can make eye contact from across the room and the other person has eye contact. Also you make a not and a smile. And then you agree, then if you have eye contact but you don't want to Then later, you pretend that you are looking at your shoulder Warrior or whatever. And you know, the other person is safe. Um, A walk across the floor to them here. No. Yeah. Yeah, Uh, but yeah, I also have such this assignments. Now, find a partner And then you're there alone. What the fucking Doesn't, there's people that go and join To other people, I would do that because then I think sometimes I'm annoyed if someone comes Yeah. 

But I think it's important anyways that it's there, you know, because this is how it goes On the denser. Also, how do you stuff it in? So it was also a question. Yeah. 

I think I just have some so much to learn myself because if I stop it, I'm afraid that I heard someone else's feelings. If I go too long, I don't know. You know, sometimes what expectations are or The number friend, someone else just doesn't dare to stop it. So I just stop it to save them, the the decision of maybe Being afraid that they'll hurt my feelings. It's like it goes back and forth And I don't want to be busy with that. I would like to feel do. I actually want enjoy this dance, still or not, Not with sending the amount of time or whatever is going on. But the the thoughts take over most of the time More Then just being able to feel what I want. 

Clear. 

Have you? He didn't have to do that this weekend because I'll dance. This were like five or six minutes and there were no Jams or thing. So, it was only the initiating. Yeah, that's true. Doing a gym where there's no clear end. That might be more Uh necessary school. How to end? In cases, I see even in Toms 3x3 by three thing that people prematurely stop the dance, which I find also interesting earlier, okay, if I don't feel like it then, I can either make it that I like it or like, pick by stop. Yeah. Also doing an exercise. I mean whether it's a dance or an exercise, you can also Have the same worries and skills used. Hey, I don't feel like doing this exercise with these two people. I don't feel safe. So fuck off. Bye. Bye, Or I will fuck off that but I think my sense of uh, you know, being a good student and doing what is expected of me takes Generally takes over much stronger than Than being Capable of also feeling how I feel. Unless someone does something really Not nice For example. What you mean? If not nice. I mean if I um And never happened but if someone touches me somewhere, I really don't like and it's not by accident. Or if they say things that are that feel But it never really happened and I think so touch like sexual attention touch. It's like it is not practising. But yeah. Yeah. And then I would feel like, okay, this was it. I will leave this situation But a bit of uncomfortableness, But might be part of the practise or something, and when they say something not nice, not nice. Meaning, What could that be? For example, which categories I don't know because it doesn't really happen but just what are the concerns of fears Possibilities. Condending. I would say Or Maybe sometimes if people When I don't feel people actually know a lot better but do start to They're the teacher Then I don't like But it's not necessarily, not nice, it's just that just irritates me. Um, 

You know, there was one person. Um, 

He went talking to me after and It was on. I think it was intentions were nice, But he said, yeah, maybe I was supposed to say it was a bit uncomfortable in the beginning, Which for me meant something I think totally different than his meaning of uncomfortable. Um dance together, He said something like yeah, I was a bit afraid because you know, I'm a man and you're a woman and you know, and then there's this penetrating something this course whatever and I was like well maybe if you just didn't say this I wouldn't have comfortable but now. Yeah. Why the fuck are you saying these kids? Yeah because that was his fear you know that he was. Yeah he would um be too harsh on me or whatever. Um but the words just made It was you know, after I didn't even really feel any uncomfortableness doing the dance or not. Really Except for some, you know, beginning nervousness or something. But Yeah, sometimes the words make it worse. Yeah, But I can see. I mean, we already going to have been this director. I want to now dig a little bit deeper With this guy. Didn't feel unsafe. But did you ever experience like Unsafe behaviour doing contact conversation? Because it's so. So intimate, so close And then also like, what would be for you needed to feel more safe in a space where we dance contact conversation. Well, I feel the consent is always really Expressed in contact improvisation. Wait, it feels like it's an important part of it more so big than many other dances I would feel. Um, but so no, I've never really felt Super uncomfortable. I think my, in my threshold. Dancing already for a long time, is very different than if I compare it to maybe my friends who don't dance. On safety, maybe. When some People lived or carrying me that Do it without, knowing what they're doing, I can maybe feel a bit unsafe. And I think sometimes I might even do that also to other people. I'm really trying not to but uh, but I want to learn, you know, and is basing and then I think I I kind of not know yet what I'm doing and then I try it. Anyways Ah yeah, so then I feel honestly but I feel also want to say for the other person. 

Yeah, I don't know. I Either I'm close to the the fact that I feel like this, but I think in general, I haven't really felt super on safe. 

So the difference between dancing With a woman compared to dancing with a man for you it seems to me to be not such big of a deal. No. Sometimes I even feel better. It's dancing with the men Outcomes. Um, I think it's because I'm more used to it. Um, Maybe it feels a bit more clear On some kind of Division of Leading following maybe in constipation of being a badass or not. I know it's not, I mean, I know it's simply always but In some way. 

With uh, when I done I did with a lot of women identities this weekend and I really liked it, but Sometimes it just gets a bit Grey for me like between white or black. Then I don't know if I should, you know, start a movement or not. I mean Hmm. No polarity. Or Yeah, there's like not enough. Polarity maybe, I don't know. I think it's just getting used to it. 

Yeah, and it's always, it does feel safe and finding a partner or something. When I Signed a partner. 

Oh, there's so many new different thoughts. I cannot even explain it. I probably say left, right? At the same time But Sometimes it feel safer to ask a woman or do to dance with a woman. 

But it's yeah, But it can also feel 

Like a a week choice or something. I don't know. Maybe my just might be safe option, But it's not even that enough. Can we delete this? And I cannot include it anywhere. Now, it's fine but I just I don't really know. My thoughts about this is still yeah. 

But I think I can learn from it. Because When I dance with a With Male partner, Sometimes I might just be a little bit. How do you say dubious? Or Maybe I relied too much on this Kind of a male female tension that makes that makes you want to dance with someone or attraction. Maybe. And I think I can learn from it, if, if I, Maybe I feel comfortable with that because I'm used to it with salsa, or with bachata or with Navy General Life. 

15:46
And I think it would be nice to let that go completely. Each and I think I'm on that path to Let It Go. But it's really, it's the start of the during Maybe sometimes I just feel like 

So, When you have a tendency to rather approach men to have that polarity, I wonder Or something, would make sense because of your background in your style of dances, which is also like most of the dances, The woman is following the man is leading. Um, How do you experience then, like your dances in terms of collaboration? Is it when I'm the passive Force? Is it a collaboration? Or is it more like I'm being done? And I Surrender and like, of course, I have it kind of a saying but it's not really that we work on it together. Proactively. Uh, how does it work? How can we both create something together? If one is a very clear active and the other one is a clear passive roar follow and leader. 

Well, within self or it would say, I would say, hundred and conversation as well In every follower. Whether it be the same person all the time or preaching or Is, are some very important traits. Also, I mean To be able to listen and Go along or not go along, but You need that maybe also to inform Conversation right now. You are listening. I'm talking, It wouldn't work. If we bubble be talking at the same time But so it's another kind of value that you need there and sometimes I find it irritating that Maybe following is only targets as passive or as like not doing anything because it's it's not unique both to work together. But I do agree with the, You'll normally, when I, when I dance with, also not with with Guys in the contact conversation that I'm only following, I think they're still creating Think in that sense it might be just because I feel more like a beginner than I might be calling a bit more instead of creating things because I don't know sometimes how to create specific things from specific places. Yeah, makes sense. Did you experience that weekend that your partners would listen to you enough? 

Yeah, most of time. Yes. And sometimes not really How do you ex? How do you know whether someone did not listen to you? 

Sometimes you really feel someone just wants to do something And then, you know, it doesn't really matter whatever you're doing. You just, I mean, of course, you can stop it, but it feels like, you know, something in the mind is created in some others person's mind And it has to come out. All they want to create. It Is very different than what you feel. What would happen if The body moves in a way? And then Something happens together Or maybe when people are really rushed, There's no space for them to to get into whatever small influence, you might give Or give her 

Nice, I record you there. If it's too rush, there's no space to listen Because I so much love going slow and slow and slower. Yeah. It's uh, you need breakfast to be patient At the beginning, I think it might be difficult because you feel that you're not doing enough. So in fact, where I feel that I I Nothing enough and then If nothing happens and I might be afraid that I didn't Understand Something or did I have to create something. Um, 

You know how do you say how to say for drah and you're yeah and your patience and the unconsciousness that comes with Silence silence is I think important? 

Don't just do something stand. There They say, Gandhi said that it's like turned around. Don't just stand there. Do something Instead with being present and giving empathy and being with the other persons space holding and all these things, What seems to be more decades? Like the best thing you can do is nothing, That's so great. Just being present and listen, right? I don't have to say anything, I can't do it right or wrong. Having I have to do is just like, oh, I hear you unlock, And during the dance, the same. It, I can't imagine for some people, it's like, ooh, but I'm supposed to do something. Yeah. Patience and especially the beginner and like being too eager and being too fast, and then we don't listen to a partner anymore like yeah. Make sense. Yeah, Are you cosy cuddly? Or are you more like oh Tachi Tashi only your family and romantic partner. Where on this spectrum of these two extremes. Are you Answer because I don't know where all people are on the Spectrum, but I would say probably a bit A bit close to Centre and then more on the cosy cutting. But that's because I just love touching this, very important for me, but I'm not the person that initiates like a big group, a hug and just goes lying. The middle is on the first day but I might you know get into it a little bit During A week, you know, then Yeah. 

So, can you enjoy it? Seems you can, Can you enjoy physical touch? Totally Disconnected from any kind of central, sexual romantic intention. Suggest an innocent address. If you would touch like a five-year-old child, can you engage in this kind of touch. Also, with grown-ups, I think so. 

Okay. Yeah, but not like on the goate. You got me, totally that side fight. But I yes Because I also think With some touch or movement can Learn you or can tell you more than just words. So, And that doesn't have to be with a romantic or or sexual partner at all Or yeah. 

Okay. Know myself that well actually to to honestly answer this question, it could be that I'm wrong. That's always something to consider that I don't know myself yet. Good enough. It's usually always the right answer, but everything would say about ourselves is just a speculation but not knowledge. 

Final lab. I've noticed image of Super Mario Kart in my head. Um, Team you also played Super Nintendo Nintendo 64 something that was in a couple weeks ago, this is my friend and she she has it and he played. Yeah, nice. Are you I already used to this these terms, put them up or a top-down learner. Meaning, when you are being taught a new move, do you need to First field? Move, imitate copy as you said, and then you might be able to understand it intellectually and give it words, or are you like a person who is like first, I need to intellect, you understand it. Have it visualised. Maybe written it down and then I can teach it my body. 

Well, if it would be copying, then I think then that would be the, the answer I thought copying would already be understanding it. Intellectual but Um, no. I think seeing it copying it, doing it And then I can. It's also nice to understand, you know, uh, What are the do's and don'ts or what are Things that happen. But I wouldn't say I learnt my first writing it all down and understanding the specific things and then starting to move. But only doing it without any explanation, or without any, Just only experiencing it within a jam, for example, That wouldn't help me either. Because then Um I would forget it. You need a combination of okay? Doing it a couple of times with your body, understanding specific things about it And then deciding maybe to do It again or whatever it is For me this. Yep. If I can choose the best it would be body and then also some mind knowledge to to let it stick. But I mean ultimately it's been about give it a name and separate it. Of course a movement is not separated but just practically to do it sometimes and then we can give you the name and then can we can I like the ultimate persistence of any kind of knowledge is writing it down. Like thank you that we invented written language. Yes. So it makes sense there's a spectrum of like bodies in the moment. The mind is like forever in the future and having both again the masculine and the feminine. Speaking of your real answer that, Um, like a more masculine structure approach versus a feminine abstract approach, which one would you like? I can repeat what you said at the beginning, definitely more structured And maybe later on for more experienced. People more abstract than we can talk about images but the other way around is a little bit like not too structured because it's too technical extreme. But again two abstract is also extreme especially the beginning, I'd like to answer. Thank you me. Thank you. Want to add something to that. So when you dance, what is your opinion or what is your preference? Do you dance? Because it's a nice to be with people. You just told me that we can you spend with a lot of people very social and you seem to be very social person. So how much is the social aspect important to you versus? I just have fun and be playful and not getting better. They just like super nice to do it because it's a pleasure and I'm such a fucking hiddenist. I biased you there already. I should not do that or how much is it? Like, oh I really want to understand and get better and like very technical very like, you know, growth mindset and just be good at it and and be precise. And so technically You want it all if you like if you need to give it I was thinking like what about a dance where I didn't do anything new or anything in? Which I have the sense that I can grow or get better. Those are not my favourite dance. My favourite dances are often where, you know, I found out my body could do something new and I want to explore the bed or maybe somehow the connection mate, that It flowed, better or than before. So that in that sense, I like, you know, to grow that's why I go to workshops also. So so the technique was that definitely is important for me. The playfulness is something I can learn and it may, it creates Opportunities to also not take it too seriously. Otherwise you, you get stuck into your Technicalities and the social aspect. Yeah, we were dancing with people. It's nice. And then feel that contact improvisation has For as far as I've noticed. Now it has It contains many people that have some interest that I also like so And you I like that you get into a contact with people that normally probably wouldn't meet. So um, Yeah, that's all. Then something I didn't look at my answer. Which one wasn't 4.3? Yeah, I love it that I numbered these questions so you can very quickly, refer to it. 

16:00
I'm so amazing. But I also know people that also that just come to meet new people so but that's not for me. I like the thing that it comes with it but it's not the only thing. Yeah. Hey Mum. Hi Mum. So have you ever considered watching a video about content conversation or even reading a book about it? I'm asking that autotally like without any. Yeah. Yeah, but if you have a conversations I um yeah I would like to learn because I have In March, I'm going to take three and a half months off, and I'm still wondering what I should do with these months. Um, I will think about some things that I want to learn in because you could be part of, it could be not, I don't know yet. But I would be interested in, maybe trying, You know, an approach, where There's maybe read about something like Ben's. Do you ever read about salsa anything? Did you ever watch videos on YouTube about salsa? Yeah, I did a little bit explaining rather music, But there's much to be learnt there. I know I, um, this is something I would also in the answers. For example with Tango and salsa I feel Especially now that I know more about it, a good game a lot by learning about history or the the musical instruments or the way it was supposed to be. I think now it can settle In my mind and in contact information I think A little bit more practise but then It would be helpful to understand it Better and get inspired. It's like um then I like about contacting conversation. I didn't say it yet but they say that they say that also by watching and being there You learn. I really like that. And someone told me also, I had one friend from Austrian. She also told me in this place in Argentina that Just watching is also part of and it already made me a bit more less lessless that even though I wasn't, You know, Joining That I was still joining in some way And it really gave me inspiration. I saw things on the dance floor. And then By looking at it, I somehow how good do or if it was it was happening later when I was dancing. So um, Descense movies or reading about? It can help. Also, I cannot imagine But I never did it. So, I don't know. 

Did you ever Learn move techniques new moves By watching videos? Yeah. In salsa. Yes. Now, did that work? Was useful. Yep. What we call, the impreciation will be difficult because they are no techniques. They are on the moves, they have a little bit like warm-up exerciser found, but yeah, maybe difficult but we start so I can imagine. Yeah, that's nice. Yeah, To expand your vocabulary. Yes, yes, exactly. Three things you would like to see in a book for beginners about contact information. Totally again, without any intention motivation from our own benefit there. Well, I had basic views and don'ts. We already told me like, no, holding the grabbing things like that, that you don't know when Maybe reading start. Um, but normally that's told also in some gems. Um I think like as a masculine approach the way to roll and do like little animal stuff. I think that they are really common Define the 

Um The way to make contacts Me for some people, contacted me just like you know stroking Which is contact also but it's not really. What is used? Most of the time. What else am I right? Said, you had tips, right? So I think that would be nice. What kind of You start an end dense? Maybe have some really practical tips. And what else did I say? Here Emotional roller presser coaster examples. For understanding how it is as a beginner to enter the battlefields during a gym. But maybe like do not feel like you're the only one that feels that way. 

Maybe then, yeah. 

Nice. Okay, my brain is immediately going like, oh, this. I worked Last three. Yeah, what do you need to grow further in contact immunisation. What kind of support? What would that be? I need more gems. That's what I need. But I also think it would be really nice If I would, I need to prioritise it, but if I would private Transit, then to find a partner, maybe where that I feel comfortable with and then try things, you know, maybe, Combine words And practising. And you know, redoing it giving each other feedback and then trying it again. And then also, just sometimes dance, Without other thinking. But I think that would Really be helpful. Like with salsa younger. Repeat your repeat and then it's in your body. Yeah, repetition truly. Yeah. Yeah. Next question, do you feel comfortable dancing with me? Oh, that's an interesting question. Now in regard to your previous comment on like Yeah, No it was it was there was kind of a halfway joke fun but you didn't really no, no. 

What is the question? I'm sorry. What do I have to answer? How do you think controversation could help make the word a better place? There are books. There are people and it's a little bit of a political movement. Also in the U.S. Yeah. And so they actually tried to make the word a better place. At least there's a hardcore idea list. All right, Well, uh, I wrote. I am in a border. Answer, But I'll answer it now. 

Without words I mean let's say you have a discussion and you disagree on abortion rights or whatever it is. When you disagree upon, I think Wisconsin. He's the words are not there, so you can connect in another way. And I think we live in a very roughly place and it might be that too much of it sometimes. And not everyone has a worldly language, I mean something called needs other ways to connect. So I think it can and we have way too little of that in the world. Now it's my opinion. So in that sense, it helps Connects in different ways. Um you connect also with all kinds of different people, Man, woman old young racist body types. You get to know Of this and create The fact that you, You don't have to create a specific thing which you create whatever you can create together, It helps you, maybe also in life doing the same, you know, not having a specific standard of what it should be, but you Create together, with whatever it is that there is at that moment. What else did I write? Let me see. I don't even think I wrote all of this, but 

In general movement is good condition with people is good. You're not on your phone. Um so then it's nice And you get to know your own body a bit better. I think, you know how you feel. Maybe you learn how to put your boundaries or you can do that in the world also. So I think it's It's a very practical way of learning things or maybe you, you get, you know in front of mirrors, Not as not how you say but you You get to know maybe some things that you struggle with in life. But you It's enhanced when you go into this dancing. So you you it's in your face, you have to do something about it and when you do you might do that in your Ordinary life. Also Hopefully making the world a better. 

Nice one. That's last last. Imagine you're doing contract conversation for a few years. How has it shaped you? How has it made you a different person? Hopefully a better one. I really want to find more metaphors like, uh, also responsibility. Any way to find Partners and to All these things that I just said that you might come across when you're dancing contact improvisation normally it just helps you much better. If you have a metaphor that you can actually feel or experience, So you said in general life I think there are more to be found still for me So that I hope I hope to improve my improvisation. This is weird to say improving proposition but I mean, What does it mean? Comfortable Not knowing how it looks, or just no creating as it goes and I think it will help my creativity. Not only in Body things but also, maybe, Well, I'm already starting to write bombs now and maybe I want to do an instrumental explain instrument again, I think. Yeah. It's a bit saying more in creativity More even so than would be salsa. I think because Your training Do not judge, whatever comes out of it. I think all these things help. Um, so And I would love to learn more of the acrobatics also. That's like an ego thing. I just like it. So, uh, And I think I can use the things that the techniques that you learn in contact and conversation that Healed like they're very natural. I could maybe use also in for example salsa or other things or shows that are done. Sometimes that You can make it less choreographical or it can be choreographed, but you can use the the techniques that make it, You know, nice more. Let's forcibly be more Physical anatomical, logical. 

During my boundaries knowing how I feel. I think this is our parts of contact number station and you have to There's so many things that you feel all the time you have to act on them. We don't. But I mean It's more I feel like it's more there in a gym maybe and once you practise warmer that you can maybe do it in normal life also 

While these sounds like amazingly good reasons why to continue doing contribution if you indeed will get this out. What you just Listed Last words from your side. Anything. 

No, I didn't enjoy the dances with you. Well, thank you for that uh, in regard to what should be put into the interview. I mean Um No I think I said it all. Okay. Five four, three, two. 
