This is backup. Oh wow. So I don't have to type it. So, Very good. What is this? This is a chargipt That comes with Android. Okay. Well see every ended phone has this thingy inside. You show me that later. But okay, we stopped. So what is your name? The name is Tom, Tom Goldhand. Hello, Tom gold hand, The audience. This is the audience. Okay, you don't look. Yeah, so look, yes, yeah, what is contact? Improvisation, one sentence, one word. One sentence, I wrote it down today So it might change when I send it to you later Today. My definition was, It's the exploration of physical forces between two dancels Moving in contact and the ground And then add another, which kind of like I liked it. It's a three body problem To Dancer shaped and moved by momentum gravity and force dealing with the third body, which is the ground and the Earth of the Earth. Imagine I'm 12 years old. Tom, what is contacting provision? What do you do? Better dancing thingy. We are dancing together. I'm dancing with a partner and we are constantly having physical contact, it's improvised but it's physical touchy. We are touching but we are not only touching we also using the weight. So we are giving way to one another. We are leaning into each other and we are searching each other Centre of gravity. And then from that dance, it moves by itself with itself. According to our Ames wishes and correcting each other to find balance. Thank you. I was looking for a simple Explanation. There were a lot of technical terms in there and I think, for beginner, it's quite difficult to graph the so, for beginners, it's a dance of. Usually two bodies or two people dancing in contact, which is basically touch, but with the use of weight, so I made it to you and into me, that's and the point of contact changes with what we call Rolling Point of contact, which means we do not disengage and come back. That can happen in different levels after, but in principle, we are constantly in contact and that point changes. Yeah. So basically, but that you already kind of formulated the essence of what it is in multiple sentences. I think I can extract these two different things. From what you just said, principles, you are really kind of addressed. A few of them that sharing weight rolling point of contact, Anything else you would say. It's like a fundamental essential principle of contact information. There we go.

Well, we know what out there? What are the principles? The other principle is to exploration of physical forces which means momentum gravity And and direction of movement in its changes in space. So really just like physics. You're exploring Newtonian physics. Basically, not Beyond that. This is not quantum physics. This is Newtonian physics. As it core. So gravity and Friction. If you, if you have more weight on you, spirals and how you perceive, see, and anticipate a different movement in other bodies and yours. Would it help? If I have a, A little bit of a deeper understanding of physics in contact conversation, is it necessary? Does it have? No, it doesn't help on the, on the body level. It might be interesting to see how what you learn in physics. Is now embodied in you. I see some people who learn Engineers And they come to my classes or they learn physics, so they smile every time I'm giving a terminology from the world leverage fiction, Mutual point of contact or, Um, the centre of mass and this kind of stuff. But for um Let's say the average dances, they don't need to know physics in order to use it or to play it. Anything else. Principal wise Cover? No. That's the practise. Basically, if we think about like um spirals and different kind of forms of of movement in this Practise. Yeah, you can explore that But the principle of it is, is basically Newtonian physics in motion. And when we now know what it is and its principles. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. This terminology and this definition is time based according to person, according to space, which means if you ask me now it will change. And if you ask me that in a week and this is also one of the practise because it's improvised and it's a severe kill that is continuing to learn or to teach. And then one of the practises that they did in the beginning was to redefine or Define. Every time they did it. What is contacting provisation now? There as many stars as their teachers as many valid answers. Yeah. Does it kind of like the, the rough Congo into or like the rough Body of agreement about it is and what it is not on the edges. You can play a little bit in and out. But yeah. So there is according to just said some kind of core essence of quantitative organisation which is stable among time space and teachers. Yes I think if you tell if you'll talk about most people they will tell you. They will talk immediately about there is a shared point of contact. Otherwise it's only dancing position. There is shared weight. Otherwise it is not the essence of contact which is just touch. And there is exploration of two bodies at least two bodies with the ground In an improvised dance. So these are like the basic basic that is From there we grow. Yeah, makes sense. Why would I do that? What why would someone do that? What is its go? Like if you think about martial arts, the gold is kind of self defence. If you go in a bachata course, we want to look good or have fun. Like What are the benefits? And why would I go to a class? That depends on you for me, because it's fun. It's curious. I love the capacity to move in a new way, different ways. Um Yeah, I enjoyed a few things from this compared to other choreography things that it's improvised. So I come from the improvisation wall which I like very much in two aspects. One is a density position. The other is the contact improvisation. They are similar but very different as well. And one is embedded in the other. By the way, contact is a part of the dancing Forbesolation world. Um Why to do that? It's fun. It's a nice way to connect to explore to do Good exercises. I mean sense, I'm border the gym. Having much more fun in the studio. Um, a way of connecting to other people other bodies. It brings us back to Um, to the body and not to the Mind. It connects us to what actually We all have in common. Doesn't matter Age gender. Sex belief. And And I don't know, Religion colour you all have a body. You're moving in space. If you just see it like that It kind of equilize everybody in that sense so we can all do that And that's a very fun thing to do. It's a it allows me to There you go. I wouldn't say hand alive but it definitely gives me. Um, a nice good place. And I wouldn't even say, see Humanity. See animality in that. The good kind of way The monkey kind of way, Which is fun. So you mentioned a little bit like fun. I said, I would also get in regular dance classes. You mentioned workout which is like, maybe one acrobatics. Also, the case, which I like that were good as a side effect. But it seems most of the answer is about the social aspects of it, or maybe even Beyond the like, Photosophical mental spiritual growth. Maybe even question, mark. It's, it's a combination of all because you can also see people who are more more inclined into, let's say ballet, they would say that they get very much into the zone, awareness, meditative State, when they're doing plier for more than 15 minutes. I don't, I get that if I do to this, the small dance of just listening to the unconscious reaction of my body for this process of balance. That's why that is my my direction. I also don't like people telling me exactly what to do according to their body, which is choreography. And after a few times doing that, I kind of lose the aspect of, why am I doing that? Or what is the reason I'm doing your idea? Even though it can be amazing out more than five or ten times. So I am not in that service for the audience, I would like the audience to join me. So, for them to get this reaction about an improvisation Outfo, that they want to join another, they can do As good as I am in the abilities or not as abilities. So um it is an outflow. It is a sport, sometimes people call it spotter. In the first few years, this definition came on and I think even still liked that. In one point, he didn't Define it like this. But he said, yeah, seems sounds quite right. It is a meditative state either in its very small movement phone or high velocity, where you really need to be, Um, in the flow and in the zone just to stay alive. So if you're not, The flow will tell you Or the four will tell you Um in the very house way that you will not do. And that's all and connection wise. Yeah, it is a state of connection but it is in the beginning. It was not the main issue. I mean It was a communal Project because for that project, they stay, they leave together for. I don't know, a few weeks To create a piece But the aim was not to create a community. The aim was to create a piece to explore the new form. And also also in our life, you have people who devoted or this is a very big part of their life. So you can see that this they create some kind of Um let's say Lighthouse for other people to come to that practise. For my experience. I'm teaching almost 20 years now Half. Yeah, less than half stays which means it doesn't mean that they stay in my classes don't have to, of course, they found the way and they continue to exploit. But have don't I have come for you, take what they need for them, put it in the baggage, and continue the life. Yeah, You are to hear about answer the next question. Like Which box would it fit? A mostly relied to you. Use the word visceral, art, form or sports art not support. You are mentioned you do dance improvisation. But yours, do contact information and then I get curious. Like, why don't we quite contact improvisation dance? Um, just because they filmed it like that. It's the the name. It said they can. If they would have used a different term that will stick if they would call it touchy. Touchy dance, which is, yeah, different. 

That if they will call it, Contact contact, it will be called contact contact. They used contact improvisation because it was improvisation Because it's about contact, of course and I think. Yeah, the other form is dancing, provisation, which exists before that as a term. So they just use these two loads. Yeah, yeah no. I'm just curious. I I do guess they put some effort when creating this term so I'm curious. Why didn't they not put the word dance in the term? That is a good questions for that. I actually don't know. No, I have no idea about that. Would you you call it sometimes? Contact dance, Some people call it contact improve contact. Improvisation is the normal term, sometimes we call it contact dance, But the original term is quantity improvisation. So content is a synonym for contextualization. If you, if you say that to a person who done contact, they know some people in other for Shorten it they just call it contact. Do you do contact? Yeah, If you need to put in one of these boxes of like, is it sport is acrobatics? Is it martial arts? Is it dance? Is it some kind of therapy or mindful? Meditation practise. Where would you see it fitting best according. And that's, I'm biased because I came from the world of dancing. So I will say I would put it more in the dance world, Um, from the professional dance world. And now, it's mostly Practise outside the professional. Although it is embedded in Most of the contemporary dance pieces that are now happening. Now you have what you call a partnering, which is the use of contact, knowledge or contact Technique in actual creating choreography, And, but I will call it more in the out world, modern, contemporary dancefall. And if I would go for me Aikido or an acrobatics, maybe or whatever different different definition Because Steve himself was A gymnast and the people that he took with him Aikido practitioner dances and other Form of very high Ability, movers to play for the first time. But it was run after that With a lot of dancers and for dancers And the foam was before in before it was introduced to the Main public. Let's say that it was also in Um, dance schools or the new avant God, dance schools, The states, And I'm the history-wise my, you know, my memory, it's not the best. So I will advise you to read some books in history and like sharing the dance Going to do the additionally. Yes. Um, you already Like you do cut dance, improvisation you now, mention something about contemporary dance. I'm not really Like knowledge of these area, is more like next to it. Is it just it's just, it's a part of contemporary dance, Or maybe I was more interesting. Is like, where does it fit if you have now defined, it's, it's a dance, you're just assume this is in the box of dance. There are lots of other boxes, a lot of people know, Tango and salsa and zooke and whatever. So how would you say, how does it differ from this more conventional starts of Tango? Zook tenses people know What is common, what is different? Um, so this is, but mostly called and I'm not so familiar with this kind of form of dancing. So, I'm gonna Probably say something that if a person is a zoo, potentials are the ears will burn? Um, this is partner dancing in the most, most social way. So it comes from not the necessarily in the beginning. And again, I don't know so much not from the out world, but from the people and then it became all much more stylish and you have teachers for that, you have schools for that. You have Um, Yeah, this kind of things. Contacting conversation came from basically, the exploration of a modern. It's not my it's contemporary. I'll tell the difference later Exploration about breaking the system in a sense that it is improvised there's no choreography. There's no difference between dentals and audience. There's no hierarchy, Those are the things that interested them in a society way. And the physical aspect that was interesting for them, was exactly the physics of how to survive and high impact volume Crash or full Between two dancers and the ground. Um so the difference is if I see it correctly except in the hope by the way That in All of these other dancers, it's also very highly until the recent years gender Rolled. So you have the person who's leading the person who's being led usually it's the man or male that does this. Um, It's very vertically which means it's standing. You don't see that a lot on the floor so those are actually And hardly ever rolling on top of each other on the floor. Basically using the floor for that. It's, It's a walking with very nice. Very, very nice movement and moves of the legs And danceful and contact made it basically a three-dimensional historical space. Well, every part of your body can be a foot which basically means To use that area to push the ground against Lindy help you say is different because Made a females now is breaking up more. I think, what what? I don't know, again, so much what I've seen from movies, or in the upper, especially in the old time. They use some very high high strong, acrobatics even then which And now Zook does it a little bit, but I don't know if it was also there like 50, 60 years ago, it's much older than contact. And I think some of the It's a pathways And Inspired by Lindy Oppo like seeing that and let me see how I'm taking this on as well. It's taking people on your body. Yeah. Not necessarily. Yeah. So on your call on your Centre rather than And lifting them on their space or telling them on their space on their call. Yeah I think you help swing row. I can remember seeing videos that like really the ladies Twist aspiring around, the guy's body up and down like a bit of contact with indeed Contemporary and modern dance. Yeah. So contemporary you can say like you have the from the ballet to modern to contemporary. I think contemporary the changes in that or classical dance and classical bulletin then modern contemporary is wants to insert it into the dance. Will the concept of improvisation? Not only as, Um, The research tool, but actually, the performance itself. So pieces that has some kind of improvised theme in it or the entire piece is improvised. Um Yeah, that's roughly the the start to call contemporary dance More than that you'll have mouth a gram and other kind in this area.

This era choreographer. So up until Um let's say 60s and from, then on, from the Different kind of society. Revolution is well, came other ideas about a chance and that is John Cage and Cunningham and And improvise your unhappirin And contact improvisation 72. It started. So what about the you start to have contemporary dance? And I think you can sometimes Call it like Discord like that. But right now it's like Yeah, this is Time now and everybody's doing Contemporary dance in that sense. I will Google it better but roughly, what is it? Thank you. But one done, We don't need 20 minutes. 