For the history. I will just do it much water because I really don't want to make.
History when your dimension 72. Where by whom in which context was it created? Okay? So, again, I'm going to say, but if you're writing a book, you should get it straight and my memory is shit. So when that is wait a second, We have to restart that Four out of reason But the beat the book. Okay, Roku knot number two history when how was it created? Okay. So like I now say again. Um check it so it doesn't come for me. When was it? It's in 72. Uh, well I don't exactly remember. Um, and by whom, it was originated by Steve Jackson who had the idea of research he took with him. And so he said, let's say the father and the mother is called Nancy. Starksmith, Uh, she was there from the beginning with other few dancers gymnasts and acrobats done the lepov. If I remember correctly, And I don't want to say, I don't name so I don't make any mistakes, but check it out. They took a few weeks for research of this high, velocity running into each other bumping and surviving. And you can see the videos. It's called the either fall after Newton. Oh, there are a few of them from the really early days.
They actually the research And you can really see how we develop from 72 75, there's another video. 78 82 And you hear it noted by Steve. He stopped doing contact roughly seven years. After like officially gave it To the people. And that's why also Nance is considered A very big role in in holding it after him because she continued and created with another partner. The concept quarterly which is a magazine Um and created this vehicle for sharing ideas about the about the theme of contact about the practise of contact And she continued not only practise but also teaching it. Almost, she died. So that is who.
Yep. Oh, how was it? Yeah, like like there's this story. You already mentioned something. They came together not as a community, but to find a piece, a few weeks. That's the name of the magnesium. Yeah, How was it different now than than very different. Um, you can also see a sentence call it old school contact. You have some people who does it still, Which is very high velocity, Very, high risk And they know what they're doing And it looks amazingly and scary the same time. Um, At this time, let's say there's much more in the last few, let's say, decades, much more emphasis and flow Rather than explosion and see what shutters and what happens and how we can play with it, Or bumping, and see how we play with that And much more interesting on the least resistant pathway, which is much more into the flow way.
Um, Which is not bad in that sense. And some people who have seen the other error, Oh, call himself old school. They say that contacting provisation lost quite a lot of its characteristic along the way. Um, I would say that it's nice to have both so you can choose what you want. You can survive the explosion and you can play comfortably in the flow. I, I like that. I enjoy very much the flow, I would say much more with lowest, Um, but I know that when Nervous system is on, which means Alert at the place where, Yeah, not Panic Zone. But on You can survive. Also the old school contact. And that's very much fun As you can remember. In this video. Is they have Uh, Mets? They have met. So, yes, maybe or something they trained with maths. They trained with mats after they didn't have mats but after that they got injuries Quite a lot, not necessarily then, but other people who started to share the idea, And this is also regarding your next Maybe Christian about trademarks because they wanted to do that. Exactly, because of that.
And because they saw that as it spreads Different people because there's Caused to it, or there's no trademark or, there's no certification starts to spread ideas, and injuries started to happen More and more. Um Again check move that regarding the books about history because it's an interesting chapter. Indeed, They decided that they not to do that, but to create contact quarterly in a vehicle For spreading information and not to trademark, it's also kind of the idea And in that period of this non-high Raleigh thing. So you don't have to get a certificate, everybody can do it. Everybody can teach it, you teach what, you know, you try not to teach what you don't know or to go into risk Beyond what you're capable of holding them teaching. And And as we know in other fields a certificate, doesn't mean that you're good, it just means that you pass a certification Certain aspects.
When Talk about the in the beginning there was more impact, more accorded Adventures maybe And yet I see Every now and then a video on YouTube contact conversation like recorded a year ago where it still reminds me of very impactful, maybe more acrobatics, And then I see videos, which are more into acting and we haven't mentioned that yet. How much is Contact conversation related to improvisation acting both impreciation in there? So I don't know, actually what the question is, I can see, it's still there. I agree that it's more flowing as you mentioned it. Yeah, there's no question. Let's just like me. Commenting on that. There are different styles of quantity with different emphasis. You will see that not only regarding different details. You sometimes see it regarding culture. It's interesting to see that different countries because they have specific kind of Buddy, orientation body or even mental body or just the lineage. They say like that. Got it from a specific kind of teachers, They dance differently. So, Germany, Israel, Finland and States or Japan. They still dance differently. You see a few of the Teach us there and you will kind of recognise. Okay, I can Kind of get your lineage, or who will teach us. Maybe. I remember the one student of yours who mentioned like the Dutch people don't like to rule over the front part, but we, whatever in Thailand, or maybe Southern countries are more easy with also having deep contact. Also, in this more intimate Parts, Anything else to add. Thank you.