I need to be he wrote it down. There are two doors Even 50, 50 chance.

Okay. Um, A social Stuff of it. What does the community look like, How is it organised? I mean, we already talked about, it's on trademark. So it's a little bit more loose. How do you see the global? But also like maybe The local, the m7 Dutch Community. Uh, I struggle with the form or with, with the term Community regarding contact For a long time I think. Because for me committee is about People who are living in the same place, sharing a more knowledge about each other rather than I practise and also helping each other when times are in need when doesn't need what you notice now, is that everything is a community according to practises in this form of society. So and also companies call themselves come join the family, so they are taking something from a very different age, But regarding this question about Community in contact. It's, It's usually a group of people who practise the same and have a passion for. For that practise, they can come from very different cohorts in society and doing these practise the from a very basic physical connection. They might get curious about the other person, live Experience ideas and then comes sharing food, which happens usually after or meeting each other And from there in Friendship happens. I have a few people that I love dancing, but they have nothing in common with them. Nor do I want to be their friends and I have people who I met on the dance floor in very good friends. And, And that's a difference, because the people who I do not care friendly wise, if they're not in the gem, and I don't see them for a few weeks, I would not ask what's happened to them, but if my neighbour or my housemate, or my family Happens, something to them, and I don't see them. I Ask and see if they there in need. So that's a little bit. Something that is off in a contact Community for my term or I see where it can grow. Actually, if you are willing to reading wanting to call it a community, then we know The people there And we reach out, even if, If they don't come and they're not friends, and I see that in my classes. So with some people that Very much invested time wise in classes, this is my small community. And if they don't come, I ask if they have problems health, we see how we can help each other, if there problems Financial. Then I also do different stuff to support if needed And That's that and organised in larger screen here, You see different kind of accurate mushrooms like classes and gems. And according to the Attitude of the teachers or the attitude of the gym, people will converge into that place. So there could be bigger gems or smaller gem, according to the people who come there. Uh the norms. That is conducted there And in the space and how it how they feel it, The bigger one.
Um, My main background is martial arts and in Aikida was to surprised that My my main teachers, one of his students started his own school, like wasn't dark competition, the same Market yet when my teacher was then on vacation, he would send us all to his former student, which was his actually competitor. So, I was amazed like, how they still work together, even though there are competitors and then I was doing Wing Chang. Where everyone would hate each other in order secret and, like, no way, they could never collaborate. So, I wonder where is a contact impregation here in that scary. Do you feel like other contact conversation teachers you can easily exchange, collaborate, share, resources and connect with each other? Or is there more like a managed man? Yours is your stay away. But no, it's not. Mine of mine. Yours is yours. I think most of us with the idea and I hope it's also, in other forms of dance or martial art, is that we believe in what we do in the goodness, that it gives to people and the world for lack of a better terminology And you want to expand it. So, you want to expand the pool And to reach more and more people, or to allow more and more people to reach. If we do live in a place where if this is your only income and you rely on it, you might see other people as your competitors. I'm in a very I'm happy to say that in the last three years And I have enough that I don't have to see my, um, my partners.
Let's say my partners in dance for that to my partner's teaching, as competitors I can do this. Sending them to people or when I'm not here I will ask for another teacher even if And teaching the same city or I consider them more technically than I am. So that's a place of I can see. I am in Gooden and happier about it. If I would not be there, I would be any skills modality and And maybe change my opinion. So, it depends on the teacher, in that sense, or where they are, what do they see the practise is as their livelihood, the Hobby, or the passion And the world itself of contact improvisation? I don't see a lot of Um fighting At least in my little bubble, But also collaboration are not so so often it's a very individual practise or substitute Although we do have like festivals and and we do sometimes I've invite other teachers and go in and abroad. And the main thing is you have either the travador, which is a teacher who's working in main big workshops and they come for one class one country to another. Oh, a class-based teacher, city-based teacher. And then that is usually like they have two or three classes A week and they'll have a base Which is kind of a video. I would actually like to see more the teachers travel around and invite each other. Just for the student would be having beneficial to get different kind of input stimulus. Different kinds of view. Yeah, totally agree. Totally agree. So, um, in that sense, like, I'm invited sometimes, but it's not by most of the time. It's not by teachers. I have to say it's either by schools. Oh, by an organiser. Oh so I went like even now and I am not here when I'm not giving my class. I would invite another teacher to his place me But I love giving classes.
So although I see the benefit for Um the students to get different influence And whenever I can I want to do it Um next year because I do have quite a few walks of the I'm giving I'm adding more not by me. Because how many Also the same students who go to to a workshop. If they've been with me for three workshops, there's no reason. And they actually don't come, which is okay, quite makes sense for the fourth time with me for the same Workshop. So there is a win-win situation. If I bring another teacher, They they learn more, the teacher Spread, their knowledge and and the job is spread as well. And I am also helping other and getting something. Yep. So something which might not be that A political rect to do a stereotypes. Like When, when I think about the doctor, I have immediately a clear picture of how a doctor looks like. And when we talk about the yoga purse, or the immediately need to be leggings right without leggings, it's not that yoga female person. For example, can you think about the content conversation? Steer typical representation of like, yeah. Yeah, the extentic, dance floor. Oh yeah, that's a controversation person. Just maybe first start by by the looks, but the clothes and then maybe go towards, like, Behaviour movement, close, it's easy because I see them on a dance floor. So it's like a dance close. They will usually not wear what they're wearing in the street. So you don't have that stereotypical Person On the close represented age-wise, it's very varied. I have to say although it is typically for the high Technical part of it. It's let's say 24 until 45, Which is a very big cohort.

I don't see any difference with me. Marriage status. Like married separated evolves single With a partner. Um, it is such a, I think it is social economical a little bit on the high end. And people It's not for religious people, strictly religious people, not because it's not because that it's not, they're not going to come because of the touch And the physical And close proximity. When you say upend you mean also like more rich people. Yeah yeah. Yeah. I heard just recently from someone, you know, very well that she can't come to your classes because they're so expensive. So she only goes to gems which goes five years. Yeah. With this kind of situation. I prefer that they talk to me.
And then I make a And let's say Different scale, I don't do that. I don't publish it because I also don't want And go into that Idea. But for people who have different needs and they express it, they will get different answers. Let's say like that. Nice. So tell her that I should knows. Yes. Very generous of you. Um, don't publish that, of course, we'll be in the book and I want to be able to just come to government and complain that you don't have money until just give you this card. Um, when I'm on the street and sometimes you know, a HIPAA purse. I really know you a hippoperson Peggy pants and keppi and like, like very likely that you consider yourself part of a specific Subculture based on the way people are addressed or what they do with their hair and access to us wearing tattoos and piercings. You will not have that in contact. No. There is no such thing. No, I would not be able to know if a person is a contact dancer until I see them on the studio. I want to dance. So just by the way, that they'll behaving with the weight, there's almost unconsciousness. Because I, I cannot say Consciously if they're there, but for some reason, I also do extratic dance, and the people who do contact really, they let's say more advanced people who do contact They meet each other there. For some reason without knowing that, both of them are able to do contact and immediately going to their dance. So something in the body do know or does not apparently, But from the outside look, no, I don't know.

Okay. I I I'm wondering. What does it say about the community? I personally would Can imagine if someone lacks that his own identity and needs to hold on, on the subcultures identity and changes the way they talk eat. 

Clothe, the two To me like it's good when you when I'm 16 to try to find myself. I'm on 30 and and still already Proper person stay the person. I don't need to have this kind of For me. They therefore I would say that indicate to me that the community of quantity are the people who do conductivization are rather mature people personalities. Therefore possibly they will not need another stem of that form to add to the personality or to shape the personality code. And that form doesn't have that actually. Usually it's just about the physicality of it so you cannot attach anything to your Persona. If it's something about, like, the way that I And move the changes my personality, let's say like a sensuality in Tango or leading and being led to like dominant. So in other forms of dancing, there's no. Such a thing in contact. It's a very egalitarian in that sense. It's very physical form. So there's nothing not a lot to attach a person or yeah. Yeah, it's more technical. It's cold. It's raw. It's not when we talk about religion. There is no there's a much value use transported through contribution. Like A lot of people are vegan, people would very quickly going to convincing address that the right thing to do.
I think I've never ever encounted the person. Trying to convince me, you need to do cortic conversation because it's so great. The great, it's it's fun. I I enjoy it a lot. So I will advise her but but I don't see it as a religion and I will not push anybody. I will invite them if they want. They can more than welcome to come and try if they first read and see what it is. So they know what they're going into. Um, It has some kind of values. It does have the values of eagle Italian sense or, and no roles. So it's not your female body or male body, or your gender, or any kind of personality, those play no role in the dance Regarding leading being led regarding playing, we all have a body different shape, different size. And with that, we play Nice one. So we talked a lot about that. There is lots of touch involved and maybe that could be also contraind that indication. If one has Difficulties around touching, especially strangers, especially in possibly intimate, part without sexually intention either. And We live in a society where touches rather rare, Like, touching strangers immediately seen still to the unaccepted, Which we also know it has a lot of Health negative health impacts that we lack touch thinking about covid.
So, in the one hand, I can see it would be super beneficial. If people would do more of this very innocent the person III, desexualized, kind of touch Yet, living in an environment where it actually considered to be wrong and bad. So how does that fit? How is it possible? That controversation can actually be popular in a society where touches regardless such a don't do it And could it be maybe also Medicine for society? Let's say, Oh, how do you think about that Electrical different society? So if you look at the very strict, gender role Society will touch is completely, not let's say permitted between that. It will be very hard to convince people to come. There they are very much also indoctrinated And the western Society is although we see it as a non-touchy Society of more going there after covet, its relatively has some let's say blocks of places or some areas where it is not only allowed but it is there and that is one of them. So couple dancing, his very familial, of course it's not what the entire body. It's mostly Holding embracing the arms on the back of your partner. Um, So although we do see each other as a outside Society less and less touching in a sense or Those bubbles that exist with attract even more people because of that.
Because as a mammal you do need touch and you do need connection. And and and I think that is one of the things that really is kind of attractive Or Inviting And for people to, to come and experience that you, if you don't have touch with And relatives, a loved one or in like we know the certain code, it's a need, Um, this is not again, this is not the aim of contact. But it's something that is, let's say, a very nice plus and some people will come only for the plus. Let's say that. But they will not stay long in that form. Because After a few classes, they realise that they are not fitted for the form or that's not something that they want. And then we find another place to get only touched to heal the world. I kind of Lost the idea that sometimes people say that this you know, I have to say more young people that came to contacting in the first years and their super super and Related ego. Happy enthusiastic about the phone because it's changed their lives. I've been there, I know that. But And they sometimes says that if only contact improvisation will be more popular and we can do that with everybody and everybody will do that. There will be N2 capitalism and walls. And Well, that's a very nice Utopian idea. I see it like this.
That this is a very, very rich and beneficial, and an amazing dance fall. I don't think it will change the world But it did change me. So I invited everybody to practise that and the more is very good battle. Yeah. That's basically that Didn't change the word. It most likely we never change the whole world but at least he changed part of the word. Yeah. Yeah. And it changes it for the best or for the for the better. And there's like that you say it's a plus for me, I would use the word side effect. It's a lot of Positive side effects, like the workout. I don't need to go to the gym, like it's a torture Studio, which I have to pay for, Or I go to the contact conversation class. I have lots of fun and learn a lot of things about myself and trusting and giving weight in all these psychological benefits. But also have a lot of Touchy touchy and also great workout. So it kind of some people Lift weights, we lift bodies. Yes, some people go to run for a diet. We go to dance for a diet, not the reason but very nice benefit sidekick. Yes. Um, and still the topic of touch and the reasons why people go there. Uh when I looked up the Wikipedia entry about contact impreciation two things, I was like one is there's a big overlap between ecstatic dance community And quantity. And the other one is Uh, Horny. People usually men Crossing boundaries going there.
In order to feed their sexual need This. You see this? Did you see that in Wikipedia in Wikipedia? There's mentioning of the, there's a problem in the Contentization I used. It was the web Community. Um with a sexuality man being abusive. Let's say To use a very strong word there like isn't there a problem with horny people? Rubbing each other's body and misusing this dance from to, you know, it can only hope that it's not bigger than the quarter in the real Society. Which means be attract more of that. I certainly hope not. And since I am in both walls, I am mowing my classes. Then in the gems, I have to say, I'm watch a class. I have two or three times a week and a gym I'm usually once every two weeks Um In classes, it's very very very seldom, very seldom that this kind of behaviour arrives.
And when it arise the teacher, in my case me or I'm guessing all other things to do that as well, They cut it in in the body, this is a no-go and it is very clear. So I I really prefer people that want to learn contact. They should come first to a class to realise what the Norms are instead of coming first to a German and then yeah, they're rolling. This is this is what's happening In gems. You can avoid this predatory Behaviour because life is life. You can try to minimise it. You ask about safety. This is one of them. You try to minimise it by actually having this? Yeah. Um, Organisers of the gems. Having a very clear guidelines, clear? I would say even rules in that sense And address it to the person who is there. So somebody pays for the rent. They usually the ones who also hold the space, Another one responsible to create that safe enough space For participants.
Um, I would not say horny people come to contact more than ecstatic, definitely not more than that. And definitely not for other Dantego or other fields like that. And you said about ecstatic dance and contact Community that a mishmersion a little bit. I see that quite often when people come to my classes and I ask them if they have any contact experience And they said, yeah. Yeah. Where did you do that? And they say, I did it in a static dance. I make a very big And emphasise that you've never done contact. You've done something similar, or if you just tried it there, that's very nice. We start from scratch. And so they know that this is not the actual Behaviour of the contact class or the contact gem, Vice versa. If people come from contact and they go to ecstatic dance. They usually dance very much in density position with negative space or space. And if they do meet the partner, that actually knows the language and vocabulary, you will see the actual contact dance happening there. Yep.

Thank you. You're welcome. I actually am not thankful. I just said it because I It's too.