The technical. So we talked about what makes a conversation teacher good now, what makes a contact conversation dancer, but maybe I want to call it more practitioner good. What are qualities or attitudes skills of a good contact. Improvisation practitioner, Uh, I would say curiosity, It's non-judgmental. And that's something that's something mindset. That's the attitude.

Then listening, I would say listening is a very, very important Tool for a contact practitioner listening in the body. Which means You listen to the small stuff that happens in your body, is changing of way changing of movement, and you are much more aware of all of the information coming from the, um, into perspective and outer perspective, which means inside of the body and outside of the And peripheral nervous. System. Skin is fill, And you're able to detect what's going on. So, once you listen qualities of heightened, Um, You are, well then, Yeah, you're practise is well, informed And you can be much better. Dental not only to yourself but to other. So listening setting the right intention for dance curiosity And from there don't see what your body cans do according to your level age physics and so on. Do we have some opinion about In your class? There is a total beginner. There's someone who's more advanced the intact with each other, what makes it more advanced really in the mindset Advanced person or just the beginning perceive in advanced person. Yeah, it's I also like to dance with total beginners and very Advanced Remind me and show me like different aspects of the dance in in that sense And they will meet each other, they will very be. Usually, they will be happy to dance with each other, Intermediate not, they will not be happy to dance with the beginners.
They would want to dance only with Advanced or the own level. And, and I call the intermediate, they intermediate people kind of a dangerous because usually they're intermediate, they know some of the Pathways or tricks but they know they don't know what they don't know. So they show they know that they know the form of it or the way that it looks, But they only have they lack the listening ability. If something is Not going as they predicted in that pathway, if something changed quickly, or something change, and how to handle them. So there what I call sometimes Very dangerous. They are the dangerous people And they will go faster than their level of attention and they will definitely go faster than the pattern, 11 of attention, if their dancing with somebody Who is a beginner. So what makes yeah in that sense in advanced person Is somebody Is really happy, Exploring the smallest thing, And and keeping that beginner's mind open. And they know what they know And they know what they don't know. Funny in the YouTube video, I recorded about different between beginning and master.
I would also say the intermediate is the others were most dangerous ones. You don't know whether they are strong. So they need to prove themselves, He he's strong. Therefore doesn't need to prove it but, you know, knows he doesn't, he isn't strong. Therefore he why there's nothing to prove. Um, I was actually looking more for something, The Thunder teacher of mine told me that as a beginner, I encounter an advanced person. The qualities Perceive our patients Uh, some kind of softness kindness like beginner would not know, make mistakes or the implicit Norms again And also would not show off If a tantric so-called expert would never say like I'm doing for 10 years. Let me tell you how to do that because I'm so good.
But we'll just very patiently sit there. Smiling. Like you know, you get your experience Applicable. Yeah. Very much applicable also for I think it's applicable for any form. Yes, so it's not it's okay. It's the same ask it. What is a good teacher A person with? No. Like, there is no certificate, so everybody teaches with their body. So if you have a lot of knowledge, you are sharing that knowledge by dancing and if you attitude of a good teacher in that sense. So even I would say good practitioner And then those they see me the attributes. Yeah, patients. And not showing off. Can we say the moment? Someone says how many years, they're doing a certain practise that it might could be potentially an indication of insecurity and therefore non-mastery. Um, Potentially not necessarily yeah, not necessarily like I've known quite I know people who does this for a very, very long time.
But they're practise has not evolved Stuck in different levels even if the practise is very high technical Quite above intermediate, quite Advance. The the moment where you stop. Posing question to yourself, Is the moment where you stop And and then and then in in the dance for me. Also teacher, I'm teaching this Same lift, same everything for very long time. And if it doesn't interest me or if I don't get a small thing of small change small, Well, where do I focus? Now, I'm doing spiral on the floor for gazillion amount of years and I will continue. And where do I place? Where do I put? Now the emphasis on with my attention or intention, Then it changes Gazillion. Yeah, that's for the terminology. No. But also talking about being humbling like not showing off and how long I'm doing it and you're doing for gazillion. Yes. No, no. For 20 years old, almost a little bit less now. Yeah But it if you do it for a very long time, you have experience but that doesn't mean that with experience.
It's guaranteed That your level of technical practise is going forward. Yes. Yes, nice one. We talked already about principles like growing point of contact sharing weight, Maybe it was some movement patterns. Now, you mentioned spiralling, can you think about like the the basic ones? It's interesting that you say, for example, their lift their spirals which for me sound more like Techniques And that transitions a little bit in the next question. Also Their martial arts, which are more technical based like carotid, you have 127 techniques, for every attack, you need to immediately figure out which defence to use.
And that's usually not possibly within a split of a second. So, the more sophisticated systems would only rely on principles and the body can immediately like, like reflex, just apply them and create a technique on the Fly. Still In your classes. I I experience a lot of exercises, very clear, We could call it techniques. So one question would be, is it more principal or more technical based? And if one or the other, what would be like, the core, the core is principle. The core is always principle. The, the principal is implied, on the technique or the technique. That is based on the principle. So the principles is Recognising, the weight and your your small dance in each in each position because the small dance, the classical definition, which I have a different definition. By the way, The classical format of it is standing because that's how it started. And that's the, the high. The the one of the strongest way to balance each other or yourself is when you're standing, because it's very small surface, But the call of it is the perception of reaction to the process of balance.
So in any film that you are on the ground except completely lying down, there is a small lens because your body tracking balance itself. If you are able to listen to that, if you know, the principle of where is my centre. Where is my part? I'll set up because we are lifting from there And if you know the volume point of contact and spiralling Those are the main four I would say core principles For contact improvisation Pathways regarding. And from that on you can learn specific pathway. Like I teach in all of a classes, there's like a section of a specific pathway and then to see with the different glasses, which principle I use, where and how. So once you have that in your muscle memory and this is also something that is important, they will pop up very fast when when presented an opportunity in in the dance. Another thing is that once you really incorporate these principles More than just, the pathways New Pathways, that you didn't know how to do, or where they come from happens.
In high velocity. Eh risk engagement dance, With a super, super high alert and attentive, Somebody jumped on, you jumped on somebody and or this hoopity poop happened and you find yourself safe back on the ground. Very nicely And these are principles. Thinking about Ikea, for example, their principles, but they're all practised through. Very clearly defined techniques. I'm gonna think about Lindy Hop. Also, have some experience in there. They don't really talk about principles. Maybe it's tiny little bit then it's mostly like I can turn my partner. Let's do a swing out and immediately know exactly what to do. Where to step there is no diverging from this. Very clearly defined technique which has its advantage on its own. But, because it's then improvisation, I can imagine.
There are Almost no you especially Universal techniques. If I go to North America and I go to a gem, they will not recognise very specific technique. Or I can't even verbally technique, they will because you, I'm going to change a bit of fully you. What you calling technique, I call. Um, principles. So let's talk about maybe grammar and vocabulary. The vocabulary of contact is the principal or the technique, which is basically this sharing point of contact, volume point of contact and the grammar and and the vocabulary, which words are we using, and how are we building a sentence in Halloween, playing Portugal pausa. So different, different world or different. Let's say, continent different countries, different gems or different classes have their own style. So you will see people who come to, Who go to my, they can recognise. People already come to my classes because of a chicken wing, or, because of different kind of Leaf that are being done in a very specific way. Because I teach that in that way, they can handle themselves in different or kind of an Lift, that is a little bit different. They can have themselves others, but they will know that as soon as this invitation comes, they can recognise.

Yeah, you've been in that class. It's the same as if I go to auto teachers I need to Quite a few hours with them to kind of embody their Body language. And then from that body language comes the vocabulary that I can play and see how it goes. You just mentioned the word chicken wing which is for me, a very clear technique. It is of course, based on the principles of it So therefore there's the proof. Yes, there are very specific words and they might be understood in different countries. Maybe not. But there is no because it's not trademark, because there is no, like in Aikido, you have to Ike Kai. That's like the the umbrella organisation worldwide and everything standardised. We don't have such a thing in contact conversation, The advantages, disadvantages for that. So when I go to North America, I need to adjust to whatever. It's there, there might be a little bit of hiccups.
Same grammar. Different vocabulary. Yeah, so the, the the words that now I use all the koala hag, the the chicken, the octopus quality movement, it, just because I like it. It's it's from it's for my classes. It's not a terminology that is used often sometimes teacher goes to different kind of different teachers, they find it nice to use the terminology we borrow. We give credit to. I took this exercise from That teacher. I took this term from that teacher, so that's okay. Very oral A tradition of passing the information, But the technique and the principles are Universal in that sense. So, all of the in doesn't matter where we go to the contact sharing, the weight, He's there, volume. Point of conduct is What kind of words pathway, different kind of lifts or not lift And World to describe it Regional. So you already mentioned a few animals. Yeah, um I see. This is an expression of the need for actually introducing techniques in order to talk about it in order to teach it in order to.
Now let's do this and everyone knows what we have referring to. So there needs to be some kind of language to separate the fuzzy realm of principles and go to very specific techniques, which is then I can limiting and stuff. So I I started to ride the list and I would like to ask you, can you come up with a kind of a complete? Yeah. Exhaustively stuff of of the so-called techniques where you use the animals because I like that, I like animals because it's in my world, it brings me this very visual and characteristic thing.
Yes, really try to use animals for that because it's very Everybody. We have a body. They move we move. And what of the qualities that they embody, Okay? So the octopus quality of movement versus the crab, I kind of like sometimes to say, um, koala is just a hug and the elephant is basically because they cannot to jump. So if I'm hearing somebody fall And I'm using don't bring little elephants in the room and for other stuff. I invent world because I need some word to a convey, an ideal, Which in will take me many, many, many sentences to convey and I can just show it with a body in a very, very simple way. So in later on in the class, I can just say oomph or Like that's being more of that and people will know what I mean. No, I find it great and I think maybe there is a need for actually expanding this vocabulary to be able to refer as you said in instead of like three long sentences. Everyone knows immediately what we mean with this word. So I'm thinking about actually expanding that set of animals, Maybe it's some point of time and come back to you about this. You also not mentioned.
Like I would say enemies are techniques and there are certain sounds you use which are maybe then refer to more like a fussy principle. Yeah, the um, quality is sharing weight? Yeah. You also use Botsum, which is I think from the Dutch word, but a bone, like, when bone on bone, I decide don't remember Bots. You say, when, when what you say, and when the body has a different opinion about it, the two pots with each other, the Dutch word for crush. Yeah. Yes. Like two bones also bought on each other, only one reference. So this is not a technical film. This is basically when I want to say when I'm teaching in that scan in Netherlands. So I'm saying that but when we are buddy are fighting. Yeah, yeah. Okay. We what is we? We is a terminology for me also to Allow the body to relax more if they have. If the too much in the head, This idea of relaxing in Weeds, everybody's smiles, usually.
And then, basically, It kind of Relaxes the atmosphere. No. So I'm in Panic. I'm afraid. I'm scared. I use weed to relax myself to calm, down to. Yeah. Yeah, something like that. Wishy-wooshy. I heard you also saying what you again? I say mushy mushy mushy. Yeah, sometimes I felt when I see all. Not so clear movement of intention. Usually it's very slow or something. They would call it this cuddle paddle or I call it this motion. What are you? It's like not clear with intention Of your dance. Um, yeah. And and although I'm trying to now Define this, what they would pop up especially mushy musho or we they will pop up in different situations. So these are for me how to define. I can imagine also because you never thought about a clear definition of it. It just was what you want to. So what I try to do is to make them a little bit more Concrete. Yes. Thank you. Last one.
Remember in the last Workshop? You mentioned something about tension masks? Sensation? Which mine that sounds Steve. Yeah, well I heard from you the first time and maybe Steve got it from somewhere else because also in different systems, martial arts medical systems, You would say the same and I think Western science can also very much easily, explain it and make use of that. Yeah. Um, do you have others which you, which your favourites, I have two little things that kind of love the, the one is that you? We try not to fall in love with our partner. We fall in love with the dance Because it's not a personal dance, it's a physically. If you attach this experience to that person, you kind of think that this is just because of them. Rather than they actually think of enjoyment was the practise not the person necessarily And you don't want to attach that to a specific person.
Also helps with the sexual boundaries. Yeah, And also, because especially for people who don't have a lot of experience, once they are experienced so much, joy Excitement sometimes, even different part of connect connectivity, As they tend to immediately attach it to the foam, the music and the person that they were in. It's like, it's immediately all of And if you realise that it's not, that it can be with anybody And then it takes away some of In emphasise that you bring to that person. And yeah, so I commute to dance and I will share it with everybody. And even if I had an amazingly amazing experience, when the dance is over, I'm gonna say thank you and bye. Bye. Manifator one. I want Talk to you.
I will talk to you, but I'm not gonna linger and dance the entire class, just with you. Because we had five minutes of Pure Fung and it was super nice. That's very much. Like my Tanto teacher would say Interesting And the other nice code that I like to say is that you try to dance at the edge of your level of attention And you do not cross the level of your partner attention. So you try to expand what you can do and what you're holding regarding movement and how your processing it with your attention. Usually it's a garden speed and different Kind of technique and Pathways. And when you're dancing with the partner, you try to listen what they are able to process with their attention. What kind of speed we can go together? What kind of Hard or stronger lift technique, or Pathways we can play? Yep. Not thank you. Not thank you. Not welcome.
