So final three questions, When you would be a magic wizard and you can look into the future. Where do you see contact conversation? Where do you see yourself? No, not yourself. But contact information in 10 years in which direction. Is it going? And will it go next 5, 10 years? That's usually an easy question because I can just say very fast, I have no idea. Like I do wish for it to keep a very, very strong trunk. So people who go into the practise Research it or Kind of know where it comes from And and then the branches which we already have. Now in the form of Ike contact, they have contact Santa, they have contact Tango, I've heard in some communities, they are trying to do some gems with also different. Subsential substances or heighten, Um, different state of awareness, it's going like that. So I do not know where it will go in 10 years. I definitely hope that As the tree is branching but the main trunk will stay the main trunk. So the people know where it's come from the roots, it basic principles and don't completely change it Essence. Yeah.
So there will not be a need to say, I am a CIP wrist but just to say I'm I'm doing CI. So there will not be like a distinction between CIP list Contact. And why do you need that form? That was a discussion about what is actually CIP risk because a lot of branches popped up in the last 20 years. The fact that you bring it up Means to me that you don't expect it to happen. Otherwise it wouldn't be a wish so I can imply your guess, of course, not knowing the future but you're guessing in the future is that there is a high probability that contact conversation loses its trunk. There's not a high probability for that, the way that I'm seeing it now, for the last 52 years, the the branches appeared, but the trunk is very, very strong. You never know. I see no other phones that take the the name of contact and attached something to it, which is a good thing. Because then this thing it, this from contacting provisation, I've seen the last year, two. I think there's something that is called contact Beyond contact Or something like that. Um, I haven't been to that one class, so so I don't know what it is, but They mailed a few forms. And they didn't have a different name all the best for them. Only people that go there need to know that that is not contacting provisation in the form, that we practise it. What? What needs to happen to keep the trunk but can we do people need to basically have teachers that give that information or gems and Space is that Uh the ideas and A principle of contact. And what I've seen so far regarding gems, that's the case.
Although different people are told have different personalities And also teaches the teach contact and they call themselves. Contact. Improvisation teachings. They should know the physical aspect of it, but also the history of it, You already mentioned movies. Like the Magnum and Newton thingy and magnesium. Magnesium magnum is an ice cream. Um Any others other videos you would say is a must have seen. You just know from tip of your tongue or websites, you talked about the contact quarterly. Yeah, the website itself and they have some nice books clung together of different editions. Um, movies I would recommend everybody who want to go deeper to go and see all of the things that happened between 1972 and 1980. They don't have a lot of movies about that They're full of the Newton Magnesium and another one that I don't remember the name. You also have material for the spine. This is a walk of Steve Paxton After he did some contact. I don't remember if it's appeared by stepped out And finish the went into A new line of research. You have the underscore from Nancy Stalks me. That's a book and a form of practise. Um, And then you have sharing the dance by Novak. Forgot.
Her first name And Mountain. Kia has some very nice books about Ci. So there are books which I really specifically only for contactization. Yes. Yes, it does not a lot but there's like roughly 10. Nice good ones about the subject and you write them all. No, no, no, no. I think I read the four or five of them and they have All of the early videos and I have a practise of seeing the early videos with a commentary once a year. So I see what I stand and listen to the What they're talking about. Do you record yourself to check your progress every now and then? No, I don't which is uh I think I don't like to see myself on video in some parts, which I should actually not only for progress but also for a way Keeping it for the future that when I 18 wrinkling cannot fly or lift to see what I did in in the past, which would be nice. So that's something that I would like to go to Last question. Imagine there is someone who wants to do contribization. But for whatever reason is hesitating, but is curious.
What would you tell the people cutting off? And as an invitational gesture comment I will tell them um check some YouTube videos. So you know where you're going, don't be intimidated by what you see because usually those videos are very high level and that's why they're taking the video. So, this is not what you will be doing in the class, Go first for a class, not for a gem. And if you like it, continue to go for class, at least, 10 or 20 classes, at least. And then, from there on, you can go before that for a gym but to have the basic principles embodied. So, you have a very good ABC, um, before jumping into only jam world And go to a teacher that you heard good things about him or her. So the first experience if it's a bad experience because of Whatever, usually people don't come back which is a lost for them and a lost for us in the contact world. So choose your A place of first experience.
More thoroughly. Nice. One and everything else. I think we covered by what at the right or the wrong intentions. To go Clothing wise and how to identify a good teacher. And I think we pretty much covered it. There Last words. Oh, um, speech speech speech. No, no speech. Thank you. Oh, you're welcome. Or it was, it was very fun. Because this also helps me to Sold out my ideas about contact. So sometimes I do it with myself, but it's better to have a Nike contact, a partner to either challenge you or, And ask you different kind of terminology. And for me Practise of contact, it's not only physical. It's the main thing, it's physical, but to ask myself. Why, and what am I doing? Is a very beneficial And inspiring thing to do. So Thank you Break. Not thank you. So thank you break. What does it say?
